I bought this because it had better reviews than the his and hers jelly, but I feel like it didn't work that well for us. It was kind of warm-feeling, but that's about it. I guess I don't know what's supposed to happen! Lol
It was my first time using k-y. It didn't do anything in my opinion it felt like every time we did anything. Then again was my first time so probably did Somthing wrong.
You would think it's convenient to have bubble bath and wash in the same container, but it just means you buy twice the amount... My son loves the bubbles though so no complaints.
Today is my first time using this product. Felt great going on immediately, felt moisturized without being too greasy. Although it smells great I would have loved to have this formula in a fragrance-free option, my skin tends to be a little sensitive to fragrances, but I will give a final review in a couple of weeks
Love it. I can feel the result in few days. I will recommend it to my friends. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this at night for wrinkles on the face. It does a good job reducing wrinkles and taking a couple of years off your face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Although this product worked amazingly well, the fragrance gave me headaches and made my eyes water daily-Olay please make more fragrance-free products.
While I do love this product, having used it for at least 10 years, I prefer the old formulation better. I feel the new one doesn't hydrate as well, and leaves a thin film on my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I want to try this so that I can answer these questions. It sounds like a product that would help my skin on my face. I just don't want my face to start sagging. I have always liked olay products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product really helped keep my skin moisturized in the winter months. I used it morning and night with good results. It's a little heavy for warmer weather though, with my skin type anyway. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product smells amazing need to use more often on my skin.
I love the cleansers but this cream is a little too thick for me...I have trouble going to bed with it on...a bit greasy and has a lot of fragrance. I just purchased the micro sculping cream and I can't wait to try it tonight! One point though, this cream has lasted a very long time, though I don't use it every night becuase it's not my favorite.
I like the product but dislike the dispenser. With the hole in the top it is strange to dispense and leaves a mess on the top of the container. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wake up feeling that it has moisturized my face but I honestly cannot tell if has done anything else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm an avid Olay girl...this was not one of my favorites but ib would buy again
Today is my first time using this product. Felt great going on immediately, felt moisturized without being too greasy. Although it smells great I would have loved to have this formula in a fragrance-free option, my skin tends to be a little sensitive to fragrances, but I will give a final review in a couple of weeks
Love the smell, and how supple my skin feels,I actually wakeup with less sleep wrinkles on my face from using thee night time moisture cream. I would use everything okay makes if I could afford to buy them.
Its good cause it works and that's all that matters. .
product seems to work well, I haven't noticed any major antiaging qualities but does seem to help the acne
I would recommend this product to those who don't have the money to spend on expensive lotions daily facial products. As we all know older we get we start showing signs of our real age. Olay has products for your every day concerns and cares. I've used Olay products off on for years.
smell good because it has a good smell and it should be put in more stores so people can buy it
This product works amazing because it not only makes my skin smell great it also keep my skin smooth n healty
I would def recommend this product! It smells so good and leave Susie skin soft.
Great smell and feel, would like to try again in future. Thank you
I rated the Olay Micro-Sculpting fragrance free a one because it did not absorb and made foundation glob. It peeled as i rubbed. This formula is much better for day use. It absorbs quickly and is not greasy. I does hydrate well, haven't seen all my wrinkles dissappear yet. :)
I did not like the way it felt on my skin. I felt like I had on some sort of a skin mask. It may be OK for some people. But not for me. The moisturizer does have a creamy texture to it.
Today is my first time using this product. Felt great going on immediately, felt moisturized without being too greasy. Although it smells great I would have loved to have this formula in a fragrance-free option, my skin tends to be a little sensitive to fragrances, but I will give a final review in a couple of weeks
It's Windex - still streaks. I still use it. Wish there was a better product. (Instead of the vinegar/water and newspaper - but it works.)
Windex is a good cleaning product. We use it on multiple surfaces and for the most part it cleans. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My experience with Windex is that the Windex with Vinegar cleans soapy glass (shower) better than the Ammonia-D variety. The problem is: Finding it... Vinegar being a mild acid removes soap (a mild base) better but you must remember that other ingredients in the soaps and detergents may alter your choice. Let us have both so we can choose or market the different formulas for uses for which each excels.
I used Windex streak-free shine on the 6'x4' mirror above the sinks in my bathroom and it was covered in streaks when I was finished. I tried several types of paper towels and cloths, but inevitably I cleaned with the Windex and then I had to go back over the entire surface of the mirror with a clean dry rag or paper towel to wipe off the streaks.
YUP its windex alright did i mention its window cleaner
I have used WINDEX for over 40 years....always loved it! It never left streaks or white haze on my windows! NOW it does! What are you guys doing to my favorite cleaning product PLEASE bring back the old WINDEX!!!!!!!
I've been using windex for years and pleased with results. However, in more recent years the product left my windows with a cloudy film. Then I read that paper towels were the culprit. I now use newspaper and my windows are clear. It should be noted on the bottle not to use paper towels.
I've always thought Windex Blue was the very best, however the last few times I've used it on my bathroom mirror it DOES streak. I'm very disappointed and have to go over it time and time again. It cleans it but definitely streaks it as well. Have you changed the ingredients Any suggestions Thanks!
I'm 64. I've used Windex since the early 1960s. Original Windex with Ammonia D (for distinguished) in the aerosol can was an outstanding product. Since then, Windex has been letting me down. I recently cleaned the inside of my car windshield and I had to do it three times to get what I thought was a streak-free shine. It looked good UNTIL I drove into the sun. WOW! The windshield, according to my wife, looks even worse than before I cleaned it. Not only is it extremely streaky, it is covered with large hazy patches. I will have to try and clean it again. I also cleaned some mirrors around the house. They look pretty good close up. But from across the room, they are all quite streaky. I am sad that the fine product I grew up with has become just another average window cleaner. I will now try to find a new product that will do what I was hopeful your new original formula would do but did not. After more than 50 years, I bid you farewell.
I would prefer the windex with ammonia-D on the front of the bottle. The original is okay, but the ammonia-d is best.
They're so hard and dry. They fall into a thousand peices when eating. And I wish they had more dark chocolate tast
I like the color protection part, however my hair feels weighed down after using. Prefer the volume shampoo for fine hair.
I use this because it has very little fragrance, but the containers are pure torture to use. You can barely open and close them, so I have to put it in another bottle.
I received this product free for testing purposes, but my opinions are 100 my own. I didn't fall in love with this shampoo. I think it dried out my hair. Once I rinsed it out, I instantly felt like I needed a lot of conditioner to make up for the dryness. I think there are better shampoos at the drugstore, but I didn't hate it.
This shampoo smells great and does a good job at cleaning my hair. I've been using this product for about 2-3 weeks. However I do not notice a difference in the volume of my hair. I have thick coarse hair which is hard to hold any volume even with teasing. If you have less coarse hair this might work better for you. I used this with their volumizing conditioner and spray and did not see a difference. I received this product for free but all opinions are my own
I do not feel like I had more volume after using this. Which is the whole point right I also could not stand the smell. That is just preference of course. But I was self conscious about it. Don't get me wrong it's not a bad shampoo but I didn't see a difference in volume. It did not make my hair worse. I did recieve this shampoo for free for testing purposes but all opinions are my own.
I was very disappointed with this shampoo. It didnt give me any volume. In fact it made my hair oily and flat. I lile aussir products but this one just doesn't hold up. I tested Aussie for free, but all opinions are my own.
I use this because it has very little fragrance, but the containers are pure torture to use. You can barely open and close them, so I have to put it in another bottle.
Makes my hair clean, soft, and smooth without weighing it down! Touchable volume and silky finish. It also smells so good. I was sent this product for reviewing purposes but all opinions are my own.
Bought large quantity, with out realising the above. Very good result if you use the long run (2hr and above)
This product goes on sticky and if it get near your eyes, they will get irritated. I must say though that it did work. I was out in harsh sun all day and did not get burned, nor browned.
This sunblock works and this is great! Great improvement on already great products.
this is a great product but don't ship it. When it came it was leaking I didn't bother to contact anyone since I ordered two and only one was oozing out. It was a mess but able to be salvaged
BE PREPARED.....unless you mix this with a light lotion, like Curel mix equal parts, you may have that orangy tint.I saw a video on utube a gal mixed about 1 teaspoon of moisture lotion with 1 teaspoon of this tanner.Now i only use it on my fingers. Just below the knuckles as i tan everywhere BUT THERE! I did it the first time it really didn't change a lot. I should have waited til the next day do it again. Instead, i got impatient just put it over my fingers by itself, not moisture lotion with it. I did it 2 times like that it turned kinda orangy. You have to wipe it off the bends of your fingers as well, or it sets in darker also wipe it off the palms of your hand. That was the only part that turned orange had i have keep using it with the lotion, i don't think i would have had that orangy look. Make sure you don't get it on the inner part of your fingers too. I can't find that video anymore but the girl was very good informative.Read full review...
This is a fairly good product. It's easy to see where it has been applied which helps to get an even application. It dries and tans quickly but needs a couple applications to get decent color. It does have the unpleasant odor but not as strong as other brands. I would buy it again.
BE PREPARED.....unless you mix this with a light lotion, like Curel mix equal parts, you may have that orangy tint. I saw a video on utube a gal mixed about 1 teaspoon of moisture lotion with 1 teaspoon of this tanner. Now i only use it on my fingers. Just below the knuckles as i tan everywhere BUT THERE! I did it the first time it really didn't change a lot. I should have waited til the next day do it again. Instead, i got impatient just put it over my fingers by itself, not moisture lotion with it. I did it 2 times like that it turned kinda orangy. You have to wipe it off the bends of your fingers as well, or it sets in darker also wipe it off the palms of your hand. That was the only part that turned orange had i have keep using it with the lotion, i don't think i would have had that orangy look. Make sure you don't get it on the inner part of your fingers too. I can't find that video anymore but the girl was very good informative.
Just tried this product for the first time. It did streak, even though it's advertised that it doesn't streak. Would not recommend without giving a heads-up that this product does streak. Color was good except for the streaking.
Will turn you orange if not very careful. Do not apply heavy. I'm a pale skin blonde
I looked online for a great self-tanner and saw this one had a bunch of great reviews, so I decided to buy it, since I am fair skinned and usually cannot get a natural tan. Once I got it, I follwed the instructions just as it said, smoothed the product in very well, and turned out the next day to have streaks and an orangish brown tan. I was really embarrased and got called a tangerine by my friends. I thought the next day i could use it again and maybe it would smooth it out, and it did sorta but still left me with a few streaks and still an orange pigment on my skin. Also if you wanna keep the color then you have to put the lotion on a bunch! Usually after i took a shower most of my orangey tan skin color was gone! It isn't a very good product for the size and quality of it. I used about half of the bottle in less than a week. Overall I wouldnt reccomend this product unless you really want to risk getting an orangish skin color.
Good but there was a missing part. Had to get an extra screw to install.
Wanted to love this but it's a bit too heavy for me. I have mild psoriasis and this seemed to make it itch more…I think it's the argan oil - must be allergic.
I have thick coarse hair and for me this just worked ok. It did not smooth as much as other products I have tried. It has a scent that is acceptable.
Wanted to love this but it's a bit too heavy for me. I have mild psoriasis and this seemed to make it itch moreI think it's the argan oil - must be allergic.
The All Purpose Cleaner arrived quickly and intact. It did work well but I seemed to have a reaction to it. So I probably would not purchase again. If you do not have allergies /sensitivity the cleaner works great.
I love treating my skin with body wash and body lotions. I am always trying to keep my skin feeling smooth and looking healthy. I use to get a lot of dryness, especially in the winter but not so much since I been moisturizing more and more each day. I love the way this product makes my skin feel. I just wish it lather and made more suds. But overall I like the way it smells, it's got a very soft scent. It seems to work better when used with the daily moisture carrot body lotion. It leaves a nice smell on my skin and leaves my skin very soft.
This is supposed to be a hydrating/moisturizing body wash. I've been using it for about 3 wks now, and can honestly say I have notice no change in my skin. The smell is a little strange, but not bad. I'd say in par with the rest of Yes products. My bottle top did arrive broken, which is irritating as I had to modify a brand new bottle inorder to get the product to come out. Yes needs to do a much better job with packaging.
A good fun movie with great music from the 70's; mindless fun for an afternoon.
Good movie but could have been better. Not one of Depp's best roles, but he was the star of the show.
Good one time watch kind of movie!Johny Depp as always too good!
it wasn't as great as the original dark shadows but johnny depp is alright
Based on the soap opera of same name is a fun adaption of the show Johnny deep plays barnabs Collins who we cursed to be a vampire and he's all inIt's a really fun movie it's not a great flim but you have to consider this was a challenge to make because of how the show type of speaking had to transfer the big screen
Great light comedy. Could watch again and again. Recommended
It's not the best movie ever but definitely worth watching.
Silly movie but is generally pretty funny. I recommend.
Such a funny and intertaining Johnny depp movie....
This is a typical Tim Burton movie. Not bad and not his best. I got this on sale as well.
The movie had a comedic side to old day soap dark shadows . I enjoyed movie for it self but it seemed different to what I remember of the old show. Still enjoyed movie.
This was not one of Johnny Depps best movies.Dont get me wrong his acting was spot on as always, but the movie itself surely lacked.It is worth watching I suppose, but it is no where near as funny as the commercials lead it out to be.It only had a few funny scenes to me, I dont know but the movie just really did not do it for me. It was ok to watch I guess but just not what I expected it to be.
I just couldn't get into it, but my wife and daughter LOVE it. We do all agree that the soundtrack is great. (if you like music from many years ago, that is.)
...well I got it for my girlfriend and she likes it. I guess it was fun to watch
It was pretty good movie over all. Funny in parts. Not as good as the original one but a good movie over all.
Had some good laughs but overall not that great of a movie to me.
It's what you would expect from a Johnny Depp film.
An enjoyable film. Not Tim Burtons nor Johnny Depps' best.
Johnny Depp was very good as usual and the rest of the cast was good, byt the story was strange
... I don't much care for it. It's not my preferred type of movie.
I was hoping to love this movie. It was a let down.
Movie was not as expected, only purchased to add to my Tim Burton Collection.
Not the greatest Johnny Depp movie but it was ok I guess
It was kind of silly and the dvd didn't perform to well..missed a part of the movie..however, I always enjoy Johnny Depp.
Good movie. A lot of humor as well as the things Johnny Depp does to make his movies what they are.
It's worth seeing one time perhaps but wouldn't buy again
The expectations exceeded the film. Depp was great as always but the story was weak and overall not worth the time.
...and I thought the quality was on the poor side for DVD format...it DOES feature ELVIS in about every scene...and if you are a die-hard ELVIS FAN like myself - you have the honor of simply watching this beautiful man, and in some pretty snazzy duds for the time I might add, through the duration of the movie.Most of all, if you don't get it for any other reason, this is the only opportunity to experience the unforgetable, breath-taking scene of ELVIS singing The Girl I Never Loved - a truly beautiful love song (1 of his best,IMO)amidst a paradise at sunset background. (sigh...sniff...) I have looked elsewhere, trying to find this song to no avail.
Clambake starring Elvis Presley,Shelley Fabares,Will Hutchins,Bill Bixby,Gary Merrill,and James Gregory was an entertaining film with a very good cast.It's a take-off on the Prince and the Pauper story of a rich man that swaps identity with a poor man and wants to see if he can be a success without the family wealth.Too bad the quality of the print used in making this DVD was poor.The sharpness is disappointing, the color is weak, and there are numerous artifacts seen such as scratches and streaks.Also,the soundtrack is mediocre at best,even though a true HiFi/stereo soundtrack was originally recorded by Elvis for this release.There is no excuse for this hatchet-job,and I recommend you avoid purchasing this title until a respectable effort is made to produce a high-quality copy of this film.If you are a die-hard Elvis fan you'll probably buy it for your library,but the studio did justice to no one with the release of this DVD.Shame on the greedy leeches!
Not outstanding but not bad either. No sequel based on box office.
It borders on the mediocrity. Still, for low brow comedy... one can do worse.
This was a decent movie... Other than hearing a few lines that were clearly ripped off from other comedians and movies.
So so movie has its good spots, but overall entertaining
Received movie quick and in great condition. Loaded the digital copy in my library very easy. Watched it. It has its moments. Adam Devine is hilarious. He was my favorite in the movie. Overall I give it a 6.5 out of 10
The movie was OK I thought it was gonna be much more entertaining.
Overall this movie is very average. With that being said it is worth seeing for the 2-4 times you will be laughing out loud.
It's not especially a good movie, but it is kinda funny.
Not a good movie but entertaining.Abrey Plaza is pretty good here though not my favorite actress.
Great date night movie.. Must watch it with your mother so she gets embarrassed.
Had potential to be a great comedy, but missed on a few lines. Still a decent comedy in a year when most comedies seemed lack luster. Beware if bawdy humor is not your thing. Stay away!!!
A little silly at times - but funny and even adorable (a few times). Mostly a comedy that allows you to sit in the theater and think :: I know someone just like that::
This type of humor is off the chart crazy. When the women are the bad ones.
Not a new concept but funny and warm hearted at the end
I was expecting more. I have enjoyed movies from 3 of the 4 main characters, but I just thought it could have been so much funnier.
This movie had its moments. It also had a lot of misses. I gave 3 stars because tasteless humor is right in my line.
Not the best movie in the world, but far from the worst.
Thought it would be funnier with the previews enjoyed the movie but very predictable
Semi funny movie. Could of been a lot better but to late now.
I could have lived without seeing this movie. It was amusing, but not a keeper for me.
One might call Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates director Jake Szymanski's feature debut and to a degree I guess that's correct as this is his first film getting a wide theatrical release (and his first that runs over an hour), but Szymanski is no stranger to comedy or the space in which it occupies in Hollywood. In fact, Szymanski turned Andy Samberg's rather thin idea for a 30 for 30 parody into a rather entertaining forty-five minutes last summer. All of this doesn't necessarily mean that Mike and Dave is anything more than one might expect it to be (it's not) and despite sounding like one of those straight to VHS American Pie knock-offs where you might find Tara Reid and the chubby kid from The Sandlot working not-so hard to earn a paycheck, Mike and Dave actually delivers on the promises and premise that have been set up in its marketing. Though it might seem obvious that 20th Century Fox would like to make something of a comedic brand out of Mike and Dave (Mike & Dave Go to London, Mike and Dave Take the World) it somewhat feels as if Szymanski and writers Andrew Jay Cohen and Brendan O'Brien feel the opposite. Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates is very much a contained story that gives our main cast of characters defined arcs that take them from one clear point in their lives to the next. What is nice about what both the writers and Szymanski do though is that they don't allow this transformative period to completely define these characters. The titular siblings are still very much who they were in the beginning of the movie at the end of the movie save for the fact they've learned a few lessons and earned some perspective. What I'm saying is that Mike and Dave doesn't turn into a fable of some kind where the intent of the film is to teach its characters and audience a lesson, but rather is more about the challenges and obstacles presented in a certain situation and how a specific type of person deals in the messes they've made. This is undoubtedly the films strongest trait in that it doesn't become wholly what we expect though it is mostly the obtrusive and familiar raunchy comedy you hoped it would be if you bought a ticket in the first place. That said, Mike and Dave delivers some modest pleasures for, despite largely adhering to the beats of the genre, it excels in hitting those beats through a likable and appealing cast.
The Movie Was Alright And The Acting Was Ok Too. B-}
It was a funny movie but some of the jokes weren't.
Although the movie is funny. It's nothing new that hasn't been done in previous comedies.
good movie about golddigging women taking advantage of two naive guys who forgot to grow up.
My review isn't that fair because i love anything with anna kendrick. I want to marry her.
This movie is more of a rental than a buy. It was fun to watch one time but I will probably never watch again.
I was expecting it to be funnier, Not a great movie.
Thought it would be funnier that it was in my opinoin
Not as funny as I expected it to be. Wish I would of rented it rather then buy it. Not one that I would personally rewatch
If you're in the mood for cheap jokes that is Zac Efron and Adam Devine then this is the movie for you. It's pretty hilarious overall and Anna kendrick is her usual cute, squirrel self. Certain parts of the movie seem to drag but enjoyable.
Not a great movie not a 4K experience. Had some funny moments. But I hate character flips. Not worth the buy. Certain movies come off screaming 4K Dolby Atmos experience. This is not one of them.
i thought this would be funnier..it was just alright.
Has its moments where its funny. A predictable ending though.
The situations that these guys appear in remind me of a Saturday Night Live skit or The Three Stooges but raunchy.
This wasn't as funny as I was hoping it would be.It was just ok.
Funny comedy pretty good on some parts of the movie very interesting
It was a fun, above average comedy with a few dark twists. Not great for the whole family but definitely the adults
Good movie. If you want a good laugh this will work.
Fun watching movie. The humor is a little on the raunchy side but still funny as he**
If you like stupid funny films you will enjoy this.
Good movie not what I was hoping it would of been more funny. I still enjoyed it.Overall good movie
Not for the mature adults. Good teenage movie for the ages
Movie was pretty funny, the actors played well with each other and there were some pretty funny scenes! Probably not a movie you will watch over and over, but worth watching at least once!
Not bad movie for a typical ha ha movie. I liked actors and the storyline was funny.
It's a funny movie, just not as funny as I expected.
Overall it is an okay movie. Nothing really stands out in it, some funny parts.
I had high hopes for this movie based on the actors involved, but it wasn't nearly as funny as I hoped it would be. It's still worth a watch, but maybe my expectations were too high.
Not the funniest movie ive ever seen but def not the worst either..
Big fan of Plaza and Kendrick. Efron is good but not much in this movie compared to his co-stars. Adam Devine is just too much and really ruins plenty of funny scenes. Just rent it.
This movie was ok watched because on Kendrick and plaza. I got a few chuckles
Funny moments here and there with a mature level about it.
Movie was pretty funny. I feel it is worth a watch but not a purchase. More of a one and done movie.
I like the characters in this movie, but it is just ok
We really enjoyed this movie. The brothers place an ad to get dates for a wedding. Make sure you watch the trailers.
Was a so so comedy for me. Could have been funnier.
This is an ok movie if you like Zac Efron movies.its some what funny!!
Picked this up because it was on sale, and I love Turtle Bay. I love Workaholics so I'm a fan of Adam Devine's style of humor, and though this is no Forgetting Sarah Marshall, I found it funny enough for the price, and it has some nice shots of Hawaii.
I like everyone in the cast. They all naturally have good chemistry. While the cast is game, the writing is not always game winning! There are no truly big laughs. There are some pretty funny moments. There are enough moments for this likable cast to grab a hold on and squeeze out a workable comedy.
It had its funny moments but I think that I would have rather rented it instead of bought it
Not a quality movie but it's still got its funny moments.
It's a movie to watch when you're in a specific mood. By no means a blockbuster, but good for a few laughs with friends.
I don't hate it or love it but it's a movie and I wasn't disappointed.
Great collectors item. Goes great with the other collections
This is mildly funny but if you are easily offended by bad language it is not for you.
It was an OK movie. It had its moments. Happy I got it on sale.
Will give you some good laughs, but would be better to just rent rather than to buy.
Haven't watched it yet but looking forward to doing so!!
I saw previews on tv and wanted to go to the theater to see it and missed so I bought for my stepdad as a present. It was ok.
Anna Kendrick, Aubrey Plaza, and Adam Divine are all brilliant comedic talents, and Zac Efron has proven himself time and again to be an extremely talented comedic actor. Both duos have wonderful chemistry with each other, and other cast members (Sam Richardson in particular) keep up with the pace.
This movie was funny, but a lot of the funny parts were shown in the trailer. There are still hilarious moments but not as much as I expected. It does end will, which makes for an overall good movie.
I have not had the chance to watch the movie yet but heard it was very funny and I am a sucker for a good comedy!!
Very R rated movie but had me laughing out loud. done in pretty good taste.
Pretty good comedy. Plenty of laughs all the way through the movie!
Ok for adult audience, another movie in the genre of comedies and trying to have intercourse
I thought this would be a better movies got a few laughs out of me
Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates. Two hard-partying brothers place an online ad to find the perfect dates for their sister's Hawaiian wedding.
A very funny movie but not the greatest plot. Good acting though
This movie wasn't what I expected. It was a little funny but not hilarious like I thought it would be. The trailer revealed all the funny parts so when the movie was on, it wasn't that funny anymore. Too bad those were the only funny parts.
This is a good movie to watch if you do not want to think and just need a good laugh. I found myself laughing out loud a few times while watching this. Just what I needed after a stressful day at work.
The preview looked like it could be quite funny, but in the end I thought it was just average. I would say B- on the movie itself. Picture and sound projected on my oled and marantz receiver was excellent though!
One of those stupid with no substance movies, but had some decent laughs during the movie.
The previews were better than the actual movie. The language was foul and the comedy was juvenile.
Funny and different. Loved that it was themed in Hawaii
I had fun watching this movie, I liked the chemistry of all the actors. A nice 4K presentation and fun features!
feeling like this movie has been done before, though. But, if you simply like looking at Zac Efron, and you don't want to think too hard, this is your kind of movie!
Was not too impressed with the movie I only bought it cuz it was on sale didn't really like it
Aubrey Plaza and Anna Kendrick are perfect as best friends who maneuver themselves into a destination wedding/vacation. And then hijinks ensue.
the family wanted this movieI thought is was an average movie
A cheesy comedy that will surprise you with some of the things that happen
This is one of those movies that plays better in movie trailers than in its entirety.Mildly funny in a few scenes and worth a viewing on a lazy day at home,but nothing about this movie stands out in a field of similiar,goofy comedies.
I think the summary says it all. It was cute, Andy from Modern Family is in it, don't know the other guy.
Thought this would be a stinker but it's not too bad!
Was pretty good, however in my opinion someone else should have been casted as Erfon's brother for this movie. Efron was flawless as usual.
Was good for value price I paid if you like comedy
A great Rom com to cuddle up with whomever. Had a few good laughs but seemed to be all repeats. For a night with the significant other a great movie to watch together.
The movie was ok, not what I was expecting. I would recommend it to be watched.
Original Hawaiian punch is the way to go.
I like these strips much more than messing with warm sticky applications and cloth strips. I found them to be "ick"-free and I could keep using them as many as 6 times before there was too much hair. They are definitely disposables. All methods I've used so far leave the occasional hair to be plucked. The only real challenge is warming them up in the winter (by rubbing between your hands).
Glad there was a second movie. Not as good as the first but still enjoyable. Fun movie.
Good movie,I didn't feel it was as good as the first one
Not as good as the 1st movie...usually not an easy task to make a 2nd movie after 20 years & this had its moments but was just not as good as you hope it will be. This is one of those movies that probably will never be watched a 2nd time, unlike the 1st movie.
I was really looking forward to this movie.The original is a favorite. This sequel had some fun tributes, so we enjoyed it overall. Sadly, the movie includes way too many quite unnecessary inappropriate jokes which I consider cheap laughs. I expected a cleaner show. It would have been better minus that.
It was ok. It is over rated. It is very hard to out due the first one.
Did not live up to original movie but was ok and I liked the fact the original cast all came back in and a funny movie thanks
This film is good but not as great as the first one. It did =have hits funny parts but it does loss the connection that you felt from the first one.
Not as good as the original, but still entertaining
While the film lacks a good premise and well, a good script, it was really great seeing the entire original cast come back together. It felt comfortable and happy. It's like being with your family. Plenty of laughs along the way too. A good little Saturday afternoon watch!
Sequels are rarely as entertaining as the original - this movie wasjust so-so
Somewhat of a repeat of original, but stands on own. many good and funny parts.
Not as good as the first. About the same thing. Fair
This was a light and happy sequel. Those of us with Greek friends recognize the family bonds and close knit relationships seen in this community.
You don't need to be Greek to enjoy a classic Family Movie
My was pretty good. Not quite as good as I thought it was going to be.
Not as good as the first one funny but lack the punch of the orignal
Entertaining sequel, not as good as Greek 1 but worth watching.
It was an ok sequel. Not as good as the first one and had a lot of the same jokes as the first.
The first was definitely better than this sequel. This sequel felt like it was trying to hard to achieve the same entertainment value of the first.
The movie wasn't as good as the first movie made. It was ok.
This sequel was not as good as the first movie. It was worth watching however.
I feel asleep watching this movie. Maybe it got better on the second half of the movie??? Never got around to watching it again all the way through.
This movie is worth watching once, but it won't be a movie I'll watch over and over. It is better than most sequels though
Same relationships as with first movie which made this more interesting. Women definitely were funnier!
The problem with most comedy sequels is that they tend to hit the same comedic beats as the original. This movie is no different. It is still enjoyable and funny but not that different than the first one. If you really liked the first movie and want to catch up on the characters 10 years later then definitely check it out. If you did not enjoy the first movie you sould avoid this one altogether. My wife and I liked it but not nearly as much as the original.
I was kind of bummed when I watched this film. I was expecting a whole different level of entertainment than what was given. It was a good film, but it was not as funny as the previews lead on and It was confusing.
Less enjoyable than the first movie. Seriously, is John Cusack's hair still the same length?
i really enjoyed the first one, the sequel was good but the first one was better
First one was better than this one. Great that all the characters returned. Story line was different but kept you watching.
This movie was enjoyable, it was nice to see the old actors return again years later.
This was a nicely done sequel to the original "My Big Fat Greek Wedding". It did a fairly good job of bringing the characters up to date in a believable manner. The plot, while not deep, was adequate to maintain the story line. This would be an enjoyable movie experience for those who enjoyed the original "My Big Fat Greek Wedding."
This was an ok follow up to the original movie. It had some laughs and a few misses.Same characters and a bit of a message,It is a worthwhile watch !
We loved the 1st movie, but we thought this was a big disappointment. Happy we didn't rush to see it in the theater.
Personally loved the first movie of this series, still fun to see the entire cast back to play the sequel though!
I bought this for my wife who loved the original. But like most sequels it didn't live up to the original...we can't all be 'The Empire Strikes Back'. She said she did enjoy it though.
enjoyable, good family movie or watch with a loved one
Sequel to the original My Big Fat Greek Wedding, but not as funny this time around. Jokes feel stereotyped and plot line feels forced. Ok movie, but the first one was a lot better.
Not as good as the first movie. Predictable, but enjoyable to see the familiar characters.
Movie is ok - not as good as the first Greek Wedding. Worth watching once, but probably not worth owning. Seems forced
I was a little disappointed with the sequel. Had its moments.
This movie was good but not as good as the first one.
I like the 1st one better, but this was still good.
I liked the movie and added it to my library as the sequel to the first movie.
Essentially a recycling of the first movie but still fun. Good to see all the original cast reunited for another go around.
I was excited to watch this movie since I loved the first one. This movie fell a little flat. Jokes weren't that creative. Worth a watch when there is nothing else on, but this is not a must see movie.
Not as good as the original. Movie tries to recapture the original magic
It's a nice sequel. It's not a bad movie, yet I am glad that I didn't spend a lot for it.
Enjoyable but not up to par with the original movie.
Nia was good, however the movie itself wasn't as good as the first and the storyline was a little cooky.
Didn't use the same jokes as the original so that is a plus. But wasn't close to as funny this time
Bought this as a gift for my mom. She says it's better than the first
Watch as the biggest Greek family gets back together for another comedic filled adventure. In his latest find Gus, the patriarch of the family, finds out that his marriage license was never signed and that he is not legally married. Watch the comical events unfold as he strives to get remarried while proving he is a descendant of none other than, Alexander the Great.
Good follow to the original. Of course, seconds typically are not the best.
Started watching this movie but I couldn't get into it. Actually fell asleep during the movie.
This is a good heater. It's gets the room fairly warm. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
for extra heat near a desk it provides enough warmth, which is what I bought it for. I do have a complaint about the thermostat. It might as well just have an on off switch. When I turn up the temp until it turns on it never stops and if I back of the heat setting slightly it never turns back on.
Not sure the thermostat works the way it should but, great for small area. Safe!
I wanted something small for the bathroom with a temp controler so it wouldn't run wild. But when it's really cold in the room and you turn up the temp controler just enough to make the unit come on it wouldn't turn off the first time but for whatever reason it is now working. It got hotter than the sun the first time though!
It's good just like the other albums though was expecting a bit more or a few unexpected things from the 4th album
The new cd by The Script features some great music , some good music and some not so good music. If you are a fan of the Script you will probably enjoy it.
This was purchased as a stocking stuffer and was a duplicate gift that will likely be returned.
I loved the smell of the shampoo and conditioner but I did not notice any difference with my hair. I don't normally use Panteen so I wanted to try it but I don't think I would buy it. I love my other brand better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've only been using this product for 2 week but surprisingly I have already seen some difference in my hair. It does feel and also looks lot smoother. I'm excited to see what difference there may be in another 2 weeks. I will buzz with an update. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really was not impressed with this one I felt it made my hair dull after the first use.There was no harsh smell to it which was a plus but on the overall I would not purchase this. I would definately stick with the shampoo. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It was alright. It smells nice and it works pretty well. It made my hair really soft maybe too soft though. I had a hard time styling my hair when it was dry. It was unmanageable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use it for one week but I didn't like the feeling in my hair ... but I pass it to my mother and she love it ! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
BzzAgent offered to send me Pantene Pro-V shampoo and conditioner. I chose the Age Defy as the claim stated on the bottle is that it instantly restores youthful vitality. Sounded great, right When I received the bottle I noted that it stated 7 signs of aging hair: (1) breakage (2) split ends (3) frizz (4) unruly greys (5) lackluster colour (6) thin look (7) dryness My hair definitely suffers from breakage and split ends, and there are indeed a few unruly greys...perhaps a little more every day. The other issues weren't really a concern for me, but since it was sent to me for free I figured I'd give it a go. I was intrigued by the bottle. It didn't match it's shampoo sister. Instead of being tall and thin, it was almost conical, with the opening at the bottom. Very smart design as it allows the viscous product to settle down at the spout, and thus render it easier to squeeze out of the bottle. I also liked that the plastic was malleable, making it easy to dispense product. I was surprised that there was only 237mL of product in the condition, compared to the 285mL of shampoo since most folks tend to use more conditioner than shampoo. Like the shampoo, the conditioner has that typical Pantene scent, which I find pleasant and not overwhelming. It has a thick and creamy consistency which spreads easily over the hair strands, and combs through nicely withinthe shower. I always use both shampoo and conditioner so it is difficult to comment on how the conditioner works on its own. I can say that my hair felt silky smooth, which I suspect is due to the presence of silicone in the conditioner. My hair smelled great, but there wasn't any noticeable change. I still had breakage and I still had split ends, and my greys were just as unruly as they had been. All in all, I'm rating this conditioner 3 out of 5 starts. In my mind, it is pretty average. My hair felt smooth, but it became oddly subject to static electricity which I had not experienced prior. Like its shampoo sister, it left my hair smelling pleasant, but I hope most conditioners would do so. I would not go out of my way to pick up another bottle, but I would certainly use it again if it were provided to me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a conditioner, the Pantene Expert Pro-V AgeDefy did not perform any better or worse than any other Pantene conditioner and the scent was nice. If I accidentally used too much, before the end of the day my hair would look greasy and stringy. Applied just to the ends and it left too many tangles to comb out. A full-sized bottle lasted almost an entire month and while I don't have super thick hair, I do have long hair and I wash and condition it daily. Overall, I would not spend the extra money to buy the Expert Pro-V line. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the Pantene Pro-V age defy shampoo and conditioner for a few weeks now and though I love the shampoo the conditioner is not my cup of tea. First, it leaves my hair less desirable when it comes to trying to comb through my hair post shower but it is the scent that has me in a bother. It seems to affect my asthma and though I still use the shampoo the conditioner, for me, is out. I'll stick to my favorite Pantene conditioners and chalk this up as a learning experience. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While I was disappointed with the Age defy shampoo from Pantene, the conditioner definitely ranks higher. The bottle design is great, and I am able to get every last bit of of it. The new design is definitely a plus. The scent is lovely too. Not over powering, but stays with me throughout the day. I have thin fine hair that falls below my shoulders, and a small dollop covers from root to tip. The coverage is great. Rinsing it out is easy, without the buildup or taking extra time to rinse. My hair feels softer, even when still damp. My brush goes through smoothly without much tugging or struggling required. I do notice I still have some flyaways after drying. It's still soft and supple though, which is nice. I will say, it didn't really meet all of the claims for Age Defy. However, I am definitely going to try the different Pantene products with the hope that age defy just want the right choice for my hair type. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am trying the Pantene Expert Pro-V AgeDefy Shampoo, as a BzzAgent. I receive the product for free, in exchange for my real and honest review. I have been using the Conditioner for only a few days, so will leave another review in a couple of weeks. My first impressions of the product is the packaging is nice, a sleek black bottle and their trademark gold lettering. But, I'm a little disappointed in the size...if it's a great product, I want it to last! After only two washes, I am starting to see that my hair is slightly less tangled when I brush it out, and my grey's seem to be slightly more manageable. Can't wait to report back after a couple of weeks of use! The only drawback so far, is that the scent of the shampoo differs slightly from the great scent of the conditioner. Wish it was the same (the shampoo smell is fantastic!) Thank you Pantene Expert ProV and BzzAgent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like this conditionner. I love how smooth my hair felt after just one use. My hair also felt strong and healthy. It worked fantastically well in detangling my hair (I have very frizzy hair). I just don't know that I'd recommend these products for people with very sensitive scalps because there seem to be a lot of chemicals in the products and it just smelled like candy to me. I usually have very sensitive skin in general (and scalp as well) but I didn't develop an allergic reaction to this conditionner, which is great. I don't know that I'd buy this product, because I felt very self conscious about the smell (it smelled like a very strong perfume, even after I'd washed it off!). I think I preferred the shampoo, but I will keep an open mind and try it a few times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
not bad
Bought this for my nephew. Although it isnt the best made costume its fun and he has a blast wearing it
Bought this for my nephew. Although it isnt the best made costume its fun and he has a blast wearing it
They were pretty good but most of them were smashed. I would recommend buying them at store better.
The regular chocolate and PB are way better.
I decided to go old school with my hair and get back to Cream of Nature. I purchased this conditioner thinking it would be better than just regular conditioner. It's okay but I don't think my hair likes it. It is super thick and I think I need to use the regular Cream of Nature. I need the conditioner to be more creamy and water soluble.
Tried for first time and not too bad of a taste considering its diet
This product allows me to keep pending items and items waiting for additional info with my everyday projects allowing visability yet out of the way.
Great for grouping things that wouldn't need a complete file of their own. The last divider doesn't go all the way to the bottom small items could jumble together.
Currently using to organize my monthly bills and statements.
Liked concept. Folder seems flimsy. File tab needs another .25 for full label view.
Perhaps providing this same design with plastic folders could work. The folders work best with just one or two documents in each flap. I do like the idea, but as a classroom teacher, I need durability.
I bought this product because it looked like an interesting way to keep track of our paper work as it pertains to each project. So far it has done that.
I recently received a few of these folders to try. This is a great product, but the construction is very flimsy. I would like to see this product available in a sturdier material or even a lightweight plastic so it could be used more than once. I plan to use these to organize my boss' travel including itinerary, flights, hotel, car and he can use the small pocket to drop in his receipts before he hands it all back to me for processing.
1/2 THE TABS ARE FACING ONE WAY AND 1/2 THE OTHER (PREFER THEM TO ALL FACE THE SAME WAY)
I take this for while I am on the road as it compresses my papers. It takes up less space in my bag through I do worry it would rip if I pull out the folders the wrong way.
I purchased these folders for work but found that the folders tore easily and were flimsy. I am not confident that the materials will remain in the folder. It would be nice if a heavier card stock/paper were used for the folders.
This product is very helpful in keeping receipts organized. Especially when traveling.
I think this is a great idea, because sometimes I like to organize my papers within a folder. The negative is that the folder material is rather flimsy.
I primarily use files within hanging folders, and this seems designed for vertical use as opposed to horizontal use. I need to evaluate how easy it is to file while in a drawer within hanging files. Very thin paper, I suspect they won't hold up for a long time.
Works great if you only have a few items in the folder, but if you have a lot it won't hold them.
I was very pleased with the folder design as it kept like file items together in one convenient spot, yet gave division. Good idea. But, the internal dividers were a bit flimsy for the general manilla folder-type construction. If these were made from the hanging-file folder material, they would be close to perfect.
I'm using this to organize bills into paid, to be paid and question this bill. It's a great idea. I've never seen a folder like this before. My problem is that the material is so thin. A regular file folder has more stiffness and since I have multiple compartments here, I would prefer that the main folder be made from a material that doesn't bend because it shifts the contents of the sub tabs within the folder.
I wish that the pockets on the back two pockets went all the way through. Not just a flap. Otherwise it would be a great product.
This is a great idea for organizing projects. I am using it for a to do file, but the different sections are ripping apart.
WE bought this product on a whim after seeing the store display. WE are reorganizing our personal filing system and liked being able to group related papers in one file. We were disappointed that it was somewhat flimsy. But still like the concept. Will buy again especially if made stronger. The value for these though was acceptable.
I plan to use the files to keep track of my student's papers, class work and homework. I'm not sure they will hold up to daily use. I plan to reinforce the edges with book tape to strengthen them a little.
Use to separate business receipts by vendor, then category. Works well for that, but need to be replaced often.
Good product for organizing materials for presentations or meetings. However, on several folders in the package, the back tab was glued making it unusable without ruining the folder.
Used to create expense report organizers for employees Would be better if the small pocket was closed more on the opening-side. Receipts slip out too easily. Adding a fastener to the left side would also be a huge plus.
I liked the concept of the product but the construction is a little paper like and thin.
I was unsure when I first ordered the product. But once I got the product in, it was exactly what I needed to organized my files.
These were nice, I ordered them so I would have the ability to keep track of business cards and odds and ends for the executives I support. They are of the same weight and quality of standard manila folders, with just some extra folders attached. Would have liked a bit more sturdiness to the paper and more enclosure on the right to make it a full folder.
plan to use for documents for tax return preparation. just got to decide how i will ..
I use these in my business to keep my clients paperwork sorted and easy to find what is needed,
the sections do not hold enough. it would be better if the dividers were not attached at the right end of the folder
More like a sweet black jelly bean type flavor.
Just ok. Not as good as others
Love the product! However, it was leaking in the box when I opened it and someone had put cardboard around the lid(like the cardboard inside a roll of masking tape)
I purchased this when my baby was having allergy review. I already use an all natural dye free scent free laundry detergent, but we were trying to figure out what he was allergic too. Turns out it was the laundry detergent. This get clothes clean unless there are major baby stains. I've been trying to use up the rest and notice if I run a load of pretreated bibs and barf rags, they don't come as clean as with my melaleuca detergent. Not bad, but I'll stick with my other in the future.
It works wonders, when it works. I have pets that have shorter hair, so it doesn't get tangled in the brush. My vacuum shuts itself off ALL the time. I'm extremely disappointed in how much money I spent on this vacuum and I'm not even able to vacuum my entire house. My house isn't huge either, 1300 square feet and most days I'm lucky if I can even vacuum my living room without it shutting off. I was so impressed when I got it home, but I've had it for a year and a half and I'm so disappointed. Maybe I got a bad one and it can be fixed. I'm hoping so, if not, I don't think I'd spend good money on another hoover again for it to last shorter time than my cheap one did.
Great vacuum cleaner. Easy to use, less dusty than others due to hypoallergenic bags. Would prefer ease of on-board attachments versus the separate smaller unit though. This vacuum was a great wee cleaner for 5 years then the handle snapped near the top where I can see it is actually two parts joined together. Unfortunately this design is a weak spot. Everything else is still working great but without the upright handle it's really no longer functional and seems a waste of a good machine. :(
I bought into the idea that, in trade for a lighter vacuum, I could go without an attached hose and use the separate shoulder canister for tighter or raised spaces, but that was a mistake. This vacuum worked well (before the expensive handle portion just broke in two during normal use, a few months after the warranty expired), but the shoulder-strap canister is screamingly loud and clumsy, with a cord that was everywhere you didn't want it to be. In my older home, we have a lot of nooks the vacuum just wouldn't go, and it seemed cobwebs always formed one inch above the vacuum's suction. Without an attached hose at the ready, you're just going over everything twice.
Bag is a pain to clean and the suction is average. I have had it for two years and it is still going, but I would not buy again.
There were things to like about the Hoover, but enough things to not like that I returned it after a week. -I like automatic height adjustment, but it is done poorly on this vacuum it does not lower enough to fluff up the carpet. I think it is because the small height wheels are in front of the beater bar and keep it too high off the ground. The small wheels on my old Oreck were behind the beater bar so it got closer to the carpet. The vacuum has very good suction, but the carpet does not have that nice fluffy look after vacuuming. -The vacuum is light weight, but poor ergonomics made using it a chore. It hurt my shoulder and neck every time I used it. I also noticed I was much more tired after vacuuming my house with the Hoover than with my other vacuum. -The power cord is nice and long, but of very poor lightweight quality. It frequently made knots of itself, and I would have to stop, go over to it, and unwind the knots. I also ran over the cord once...if you did that many times, your cord will be eaten up. -The furniture guard did not work well...it left a scuff in some molding. I wanted to like the vacuum, as it seemed a good update to an Oreck. It had nice controls, a full bag light, and has good suction. But I ended up returning it as it doesn't fluff up the carpet, didn't seem to get up dog hair as well, and it's poor ergonomics made using it a chore.
Although I really like the upright bagged vacuum, I would prefer it have on-board tools so I can vacuum the nook-and-crannies at the same time as the main floor. After vacumming the floors with the upright, I went back carrying the hand-held vacuum, but it wouldn't stay on my shoulder and I didn't want to use one hand to carry it, the hose kept coming off of it (the locking mechanism is weak), and it had very poor suction. Tried using the hand-held vacuum to vacuum carpeted stairs and the brush head would not stay on. I thought about keeping the upright and getting a better-quality hand-held, but this set was already $300 ... I don't want to spend more now!
I really wanted to like this vacuum cleaner and chose it over the dyson, mainly due to the 6 year limited warranty. It's lightweight and easy enough to maneuver; however, it doesn't work well on tile and wood flooring. I had to go back over the floors 3 times to pick up little bits that it kept missing. On my area carpets, it sucks too hard & it is difficult to use. This vacuum replaced my old Hoover Futura upright which was ungainly but had pretty good suction. Unfortunately, the old Futura does a better job than this new one. The cord is way too long and keeps getting tangled and at one point it sucked it up. However, the most annoying thing is that the on/off button is located on the handle and whenever I'm pushing it across the floor I inadvertently turn it off. This happened about 10 times while vacuuming my living room. I really don't want to get a dyson--maybe I'll look at the new Hoover canister that's coming out this month. But I'll also look at a Miele, which has a 7 year warranty.
I just replaced my fairly new 9lb hoover light and clean lightweight vacuum that I absolutely loved with the new lightweight platinum. My mother wanted my hoover 9lb so I needed to buy another hoover lightweight. The platinum is 12lbs and is a fantastic vacuum if only you could turn the roller brush off (I couldn't on my other hoover lightweight) and if there was a true auto height adjustment that would raise it high enough to do my modern fashion shag rug and bath mats (again, I couldn't on my other hoover lightweight). I've had it for a week but think I will return it for the reasons stated above. The new platinum lightweight weights 3lbs more than my previous hoover lightweight and it does not do anymore than my previous one. For me, it was a waste of money. If you do not have really high pile rugs or bath mats this is a fantastic vacuum. I wish it would have worked for me.
Bought the Hoover and Oreck for comparison. Hoover seems stronger but can't find any specs for the vac or canister. Hoovers lights are in a bad place, casting a shadow when vacuuming. The wheels on the Hoover feel harder like plastic and very cheap compared to Oreck. When plugged in, the on/off switch stays lit wasting electricity. Tools on the Hoover feel cheap and does not include as many attachments as the Oreck. Oreck includes annual tuneups.... Hoover closed there stores and its harder to findsomeone to work on it.
My new Hoover vacuum arrived yesterday. At this price, it should arrive assembled. ... Next, the instructions are pathetic, non existent. They should have clear instructions in a real manual, not a tissue paper hand-out. Lastly, Hoover doesn't even identify the loose parts so, you don't even know what they are. I think this purchase was a mistake. The devil is always in the details. You can tell that Hoover doesn't care.
This unit was exactly what I was needing for an audio install. The glass door means that they can use the remote controller with the door closed. Do watch out for hidden damage though. The packing around the cabinet in the box was thin and mine had a couple of dings on the corners.
Always a fan of the first one but after that it gets pretty cheesy
Just like any other Movie series, the sequels never seem to match up to the first movie.
I just like watching zombie films with science fiction action
its a good collection to have can't wait till the next one comes out
We had seen movies 1 and 2 before and liked them fine. When we saw the movie set we thought why not. We enjoyed all the movies and are looking forward to the newest one coming out soon.
It is a great collection, the only thing only one movie has a ultraviolet copy, otherwise good collection.
I like resident evil. Its great to have most of the movies on blu ray
4 of the 5 are good. Good action. Best video game movies for sure.
Only half of these are watchable, the rest are total garbage.
It's the great collection thats packaged altogether too bad it's a repackaging of the original individual films. also the digital copies all expired in 2014 but you may get them if you actually contacts Sony. Save your money wait for the next collection to come out
Growing up I have watched all of the Resident Movies and they are not Oscar worthy but rather popcorn/throwaway films. I have a lot of fun watching these movies but you cannot deny that these movies have gotten worse through each sequel after Resident Evil Extinction. All I can say is that if you like these films then buy this collection right now because the price makes it a steal! However, if you are a collector then be cautioned because this collection only include the digital copy of Resident Evil Retribution.
They aren't the best movies in the world but they are entertaining enough. Except the last one.
Got it as a gift for my grandson who really likes it but thought it was a bit to strange for me.
The Resident Evil 5 Pack Movie Set was Sold at a very good price. this multi set Movie is Packed with a lot of action and blood. I view this as a down fall of movies. the 1st and 2nd got my attention , then the rest seemed to be repeats over and over. so I lost my interest in this set of 5 movies. I mean , when a movie continues , it need to keep the attention of the audience like "SAW"
If you missed out on this series this set is a great way to catch up.I'm half way through and enjoying the series.A great movie series for zombie fans, but if your not there's still great action scenes and a good story.
Really good price, but wasnt to impressed with all movies.. Afterlife looks and sounds great but not 1-3
I already had 3 of these on dvd but worth 15 bucks to upgrade to blue ray and add to the set. Nothing wrong with these films, they are what they are. Zombie action type stuff that's just a bit of harmless fun. Kinda funny because you can clearly spot in the filming style between films exactly when "The Matrix" came out.All in all just good harmless fun for those moments when you just fancy something a bit mindless and at 15 dollars for 5 blue-rays it's a no brainer value wise.
These are fun action movies but if you've ever played the games you might not enjoy the movies.
We love these movies and had seen them all before but the collection had such a FABULOUS price that we were happy to be able to go back and see the old ones before the new one (and final) Resident Evil movie. If you Love the genre you will not be disappointed with this collection. Amazing Deal that we just couldn't pass up!
I had all these movies on DVD and wanted to get them on bluray. Price was great to upgrade and add the digital copies at a reasonable price
Not a huge fan of the series, but found a couple of the movies worth while.The price was one I was comfortable with, so it's a pretty good deal.
The movies are ok, not the best, but could be worse. I'd advise buying the set if you're a fan or are looking to upgrade your DVDs to Blu-Ray. Each movie is individually wrapped so even if you own one already you can just sell or give away the new one.
Some are great, some are lousy but they are all a fun ride.
There are little on the dry side but it's up to you to try them
not bad just does not impress
ok !
Opened box n bamboo plant had a weird smell. Almost like urine. I decided to air it out n arrange the plant's limbs n see if in a few days the odor would subside. It did ! I haven't returned it because it's just too much work so it's in a corner in my living n I'm just trying to get use to it. Next time I will shop in person n buy a real plant. Not worth the price.
Not bad for futuristic show. Has some shortcomings, however good plot and shot of America are great. Still the characters, since they where adolescents, it was hard to believe that they ONLY they would be sent to try and establish "living" on earth without any other older characters.
Another series about what can happen after the apocolapse
A decent science fiction television series. Worth watching
Another good show from the CW I enjoy the story and the plot.
The first season is a bit rocky and over the top typical teen drama but once you get past the first half it really picks up. Season 2 is even better but after that it goes down hill fast. Much wasted potential.
Bought it on Black Friday, so the price was great. I like the movie as an easy to watch, typical shoot'em up movie.
I thought the movie was alright. I lost interest in it not even halfway through, but I did watch the whole thing. It does have action, but I prefer other movies over this one.
This movie was ok. Had to shut it off half way through. Red one was so much better. I was hesitant on watching the 2nd one and turns out I shouldn't have. The only thing good about the movie was that it was funny. For $7 or less watch it.
After seeing RED2 I wanted to see the first one because we enjoyed the second on so much. Was a little disappointed in the first one though as it is not as good as RED 2.
It's an alright action movie to watch once and awhile.
Would not buy the sequel. Just way too slow and rnding was bad.
Exciting and Funny. Can watch this several times. Terrific cast. Not too suspenseful.
Great cast! Action packed! Can't wait to see Red 2.
it is good movie, but not good as red 2. I saw red 2 first, and then want see red.
Good quality blu-ray with clear picture and sound. Reds is an amusing movie with a big star cast. Helen Mirren and John Malkovich are the most amusing and fun characters.
I had seen reviews of film but hadn't seen Red and it was humorous.
a funny movie with very good actors but confusing plot twists
Another comic book turns into a movie. But much more grown up than Superman.
This movie was entertaining, but not super great. Ok for a laugh.
Typical Bruce Willis movie. Lots of action with some funny one liners
A decent action movie to keep oneself entertained when not much else to do.
A movie for your parents who like older actors move to action film,
Before I bought the bluray I watched the movie a few times
Good movie and what a great price!! Best Buy has a great selection of awesome blu-ray at great prices.
Not the most impressive or exciting film, but it makes for an entertaining evening.
GREAT MOVIE BRUCE WILLIS IS GREAT LOVE THE PLOT THIS MOVIE IS A MUST HAVE AT A GOOD PRICE
Good product, way too expensive.
the recipe in the cans has changed over the years. I enjoyed the older versions. They had a better chili favor. The last few years I had to add more chili powder.
Since when does Hormel put pork in their hormel chili :( i cant eat pork, so now I can't enjoy my hormel chili cheese dip :(
The chili is great on a hotdog, but it doesn't taste real good alone.
I like it
Great for chilly dogs
Ok for chili in a can
The chilie was good on the hot dogs and cheese. I really like the one with bean's.
Works in a pinch with hotdogs
Good on chili dogs!
It's ok
Great for Texas hots. The only one I've found that has real meat in it.
Love this stuff but you gotta have BEANS!
We have used Hormel Chili No Beans for a very long time. We use it on our hot dogs.
Good price and product
i use these wipes all over my bathroom and they clean and disinfect so they are perfect This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just be sure to use them up quickly, as wipes dry out.
This product is convenient and very easy to use. It's cleans well however the container does not always close properly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product. Easy use. Disinfecting quite effectively. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love having these handy for when unexpected company comes over, i can quickly wipe the bathroom and the coffee table and door knobs down before and after so kids arent sharing germs with guests
I love the smell and effectiveness of the wipes. They are also very convenient when it comes to traveling and wiping down foreign toilet seats. That is a big deal to me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how easy they are to just grab and clean up. The smell is great also. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love using this product because is great to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been experiencing problems with the last two containers I have purchased, where the wipes will not separate but instead get caught and tear. It's a waste of sheets, very time consuming to stop and deal with straightening out the knot/jam in the tear point on the container. When separating by hand it appears the perforations were light or non-existent.
I really like the effecitiveness of the clorox wipes, but they all (no matter what scent you use) leave the WORST lint all over whatever you're using them on. It's even on my hands after I've thrown the used wipe away. I will continue to use them, simply because nobody else makes as effective of a wipe, but I will also to continue to be annoyed every time I use them because I have to go back with a cloth to remove the lint the wipes have left behind.
I use this product all the time and buy all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the ease of using the Clorox Wipes for cleaning door handles and frames. With 4 kids, I always have finger prints and dirt that needs to be cleaned. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very good product makes house smell fresh and clean use this often. now that the flu season is here we must stay germ free This review was collected as part of a promotion.
must buy tis product for a quick clean up....buy today This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Am excited to try these-love to use wipes to clean my toilets-it's so easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great product. will continue to buy In the furture This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Excellent product, I would tone down the strong smell of lemon and combine the smell with a tropical smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The wipes are convenient to use and have a good smell to them. I wish they dispensed better, they always get stuck. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i used these for the trash can or near the toilet. using a cloth and then washing it for these areas grosses me out
Excellent product, I would tone down the strong smell of lemon and combine the smell with a tropical smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product gets the job done. I use it during my everyday cleaning on my counter tops and surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are easy to grab to use around the house. It is not always easy to have a bucket around. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I only wish the wipes had more disinfecting liquid on it and that it didn't dry up so fast This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i use these wipes all over my bathroom and they clean and disinfect so they are perfect This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is convenient but not for cost. I would rather use paper towrls and clorox spray
i like it i like it i like it i like it v i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it vi like it i like it v i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it i like it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this is a great product and does a great job cleaning This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clorox wipes are easy to use around the house instead of using paper towels. I have a laminate floor so I use them a lot for dirt and spills but I soon noticed the floor was sticky after. I tried cleaning my windows with them but they leave residue marks. I love the smell of all the wipes. I saw someone else commented on the lint residue they leave after cleaning and I also have this problem. They are good for a quick clean but other than that they are average.
I really like the effecitiveness of the clorox wipes, but they all (no matter what scent you use) leave the WORST lint all over whatever you're using them on. It's even on my hands after I've thrown the used wipe away. I will continue to use them, simply because nobody else makes as effective of a wipe, but I will also to continue to be annoyed every time I use them because I have to go back with a cloth to remove the lint the wipes have left behind.
I love using this product at home and in my classroom. It is easy to grab out of the cabinet and disinfect an area. I am a little uncomfortable letting the kids at school use them because it is a harsh cleaning agent (at least in my mind). But I use them frequently once the kids have gone home. The only thing I find frustrating is they don't seem to pick up dust. They mostly just smear when it comes to dust.
I use Clorox on everything in the house really. Not only does it disinfect but it smells so good. The only problem i had was they are so thin,i have to use more than one, and once opened i have a hard time keeping them wet, . Other than that i use them everywhere due to the convenience, and have i mentioned the smell I really like this product and use Clorox products frequently. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of the to go wipes. I wish they would make individually wrapped to go wipes so you could just throw one or two in your purse, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the ease of using the Clorox Wipes for cleaning door handles and frames. With 4 kids, I always have finger prints and dirt that needs to be cleaned. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
does the job right and i like the smell, i always buy and will continue to purchase this prodduct, price good and worth it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love these wipes. Make cleaning the bathroom a breeze. Kitchen, too. Last a long time and are durable This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Clorox wipes they are handy and make my class room fresh and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for clean up messy kids finger prints at work.
i like it alot it cleans my house i use it every day it is graet This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the convenience of this product, but I don't like that it leaves surfaces 'streaky'. The product is supposed to give me a sense that the surface is clean after I've used it, but the streaks don't convince me that the surface is actually clean, so I have to use another product to clean the streaks.
The disinfecting wipes were great for quick times when I needed to prevent the spread of germs. They were not a useful cleaning wipe. This product would be great for use around sickness, or for routine maintenance around the home.
With toddlers there are lots of messes. But with twins there is twice the mess. Thank goodness for your wipes or I would be spending my evenings cleaning instead of cuddling with them reading a good book, This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this product. It is so easy to use and gets the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Pratical, easy to use. Smells nice! Just perfect......... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love the wipes for my baby. so helpful when youre on the go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Product is great at santizeing countertops after prepping meals..
It smells good AND it's the kind of smell that you know it cleans
i like this prodcut. it is good. it is safe. thanks for this This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Smells great. but does what a typical disinfecting wipe can do This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great stuff - have to use it, cleans up all kind of pooh This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product because it leave the counters clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.
these are great to use! I use them at home and at work! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like these wipes, but it is too easy to waste them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product. Easy use. Disinfecting quite effectively. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
must buy tis product for a quick clean up....buy today This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very Convenient and make cleaning the bathroom a breeze! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i love it! wish it would be cheaper.. and bigger sheets
good product and easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They are easy to use, and makes my cleaning around the house so quick and easy. All you have to do is pull a wipe out of the container and get started. I use them all over the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
They're good but the ones at the bottom are like soaking wet and dripping when you pull them out. Also, if you accidentally leave the lid cracked, they dry out. They need work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the smell and effectiveness of the wipes. They are also very convenient when it comes to traveling and wiping down foreign toilet seats. That is a big deal to me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This item is very easy to use. I love using it in between my heavy duty cleanings. Also great in the car when you need it to wipe up mess and spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Dispensing wipes from the container is a complete nightmare - please re-design the the container to make it easier to pull out each wipe - thank you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the wipes to clean my counters, seems to get counters clean, but of course I don't necessarily know if it is disinfecting or not. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this! It makes my house smell so clean, I wouldnt use any thing else to keep my house feel so refreshed and sanitized! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These are great to have for quick cleaning. I really like using them in the bathroom and kitchen because I can throw them away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use clorox for my clothes and to disinfect my home. All the clorox products work great and have gotten better with the years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the wipes are the easiest and quickest way to clean all areas of the home This review was collected as part of a promotion.
great job! I really like how they smell and I am using them in my classroom as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I buy these in bulk because there so easy to use my kid can use them too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This a great product you can really tell when you get to to your wash This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the wipes but hate the lid part where the you pull the wipes out.
I use these tabs primarily to help with cookbook creation and meal planning. Not everyone lives by the standard American workweek of M-F (including my stomach!). I wish that Avery would also make this set with 7 or 8 tabs, with Saturday and Sunday on separate tabs. With 8 tabs, a blank at the end would be helpful, so I can store misc. information behind my full week. Thanks for the consideration.
I use these tabs primarily to help with cookbook creation and meal planning. Not everyone lives by the standard American workweek of M-F (including my stomach!). I wish that Avery would also make this set with 7 or 8 tabs, with Saturday and Sunday on separate tabs. With 8 tabs, a blank at the end would be helpful, so I can store misc. information behind my full week. Thanks for the consideration.
I use indexes as I prepare various notebooks for later use. Having the list of pages and their titles as a permenant entry doesn't leave flexability to relocate sections. Could do a draft page first then make a permenant index page.
I use indexes as I prepare various notebooks for later use. Having the list of pages and their titles as a permenant entry doesn't leave flexability to relocate sections. Could do a draft page first then make a permenant index page.
If the paper could be a harder more durable card stock I would rate it a 5. It is a wonderful product. A little pricey for what you get.
This product has been easy for me to use and helpful because of all the tabs it has,now i have more subjects to put in my binder.
Applied it on infected area of the tooth pain was gone for a total of an hour and came back
These taste good, but are all puff. Not much to chew on.
Thought this would be a good product to try. The taste was good but the flavor was very plain. You can barely taste the cheese flavor.
These are good but they are too expensive for what you get.
I live Puffcorn (the butter flavor), but, for some reason, my Walmart no longer sells it. I decided to try the cheese flavor since I like Cheetos, but was quite disappointed in the taste because I don't think it tastes anything like Cheetos.
The original scent should come with a warning. After weeks of flu in our house, and my son got his second bout of flu this season (yes, you can get both type A and type B in one season), I was determined to clean every surface in this house. I had several tubs of wonderful Lysol wipes, and was enjoying the nice clean scent, knowing things were getting clean in the process. But I couldn't wash the floor with those wipes. As soon as I poured the concentrate in to the water, I thought it smelled funny. As someone else posted, I thought for a moment I had a bad batch. No way original scent could smell like a combination of tar and adhesive. I tried to go with it, and think back to the scents that remind me of my long-deceased grandparents.... pine-sol, brill-cream... maybe I could accept the scent as being nostalgic. Nope. The floors are certainly clean, but the house stinks. The windows are open, and I even sprayed Lysol spray to try to mask the smell! On a positive note, my sinuses are also clear for the first time in 10 days.
For the most part, I love this stuff. But I HATE that it doesn't kill norovirus. PLEASE work on that, I PRAY.
I've used Lysol my whole life and have felt great about it's disinfecting capabilities. When I bought this yesterday I thought I was buying a super-concentrated lemon smelling product. I thought, original scent was like the lemony all-purpose cleaner. It is SO strong, even when diluted. I thought there was something wrong with the batch I bought and contemplated taking it back to the store and begging for a refund (tight budget). Then I read the excellent reviews, and that it left the reviewer's homes smelling hospital clean. As soon as I started associating the smell that remained in my kitchen with a hospital, it did bring back hospital memories and wasn't as offensive as befor. So I tried it again in another bathroom, but I just don't appreciate the institutional smell. This was replacing the bottle of lavender all-purpose cleaner that I bought last year I think. Now I read that briefly Lysol was manufacturing cleaner without disinfectant. You mean the product that I used religiously to disinfect bathrooms wasn't disinfecting them at all I wish I had saved that bottle and could check to see if it had disinfectant. I wish I had stuck with the all-purpose cleaner. I am still brand loyal to Lysol, I just don't like this STRONG smell.
The original works great but my husband and I both strongly dislike the smell so very rarely use it and almost always buy other disinfectant cleaners instead. I really wish they'd bring back the blue concentrated. It worked AND smelled great.
LOVE this product idea. HATE the smell. love it for removing vomit smells/germs and such. Original smells So Bad and stays in my clothes/blankets .. rather chance the germs than smell this remaining. wgat happened to the blue fresh scent
I clean houses for a living and as we'll my own home. I've used Lysol for ever, I loved the lavender Lysol cleaner but you have now changed the smell. It now smells like fabulos which in my opinion brings a bad name on a once great product. Why did they change the smell
Am a first time user of this product.I love the disinfectant part of this product, however, not so much the original scent of it. It's too strong and no matter how many times i clean my floor with other product, that hospital smell does not go away. I even light up 4 scented candles to get rid of the smell and nthing seems to work. I guess I'll just have to wait till tomorrow.
Please bring back that shade back. Very disappointed.
Please bring back COCOA for my mother-in law and NUTMEG for myself. We miss our favorite colors!!!!
Please being cocoa back!! It's the only shade I wear!!! Make some more and I'm sure it will sell out!!
its moisturizing smells good go's on smooth and feels great but I wish the colors lighter than watermelon had less sparkle.
This was for me the perfect shade for a natural look but you have changed it! How Why Are there any old tubes left. Can I buy them
I bought this and used it once. I thought it was gonig to be a LIGHT tint. So I got kinda a brown color. NO it looked like full on lipstick. Not my scene.
started buying your products be/ca Cocoa Lip Shimmer! Been to stores find out discontinued.Hm I have purchased both plum and fig- hoping.just used once they at the bottom of bag
I tried the champagne shade of this lip shimmer. I loved the way the lip balm feels and moisturizes, but the color is a little too light and shimmery. I think the plain tinted lip balms will be better suited to my needs.
I am so bummed that the Cocoa Lip Shimmer has been discontinued. I lived on that. Unfortunately, that was the only color I liked (I've tried them all), so Burt's Bees has lost me as a customer unless they bring that one back. I'm so bummed. :(
I'm in love with Plum - the color is just gorgeous! Unfortunately, it fades fast! I have to reapply 3-4 times during the work day at my desk job :/ Wish the beautiful color stayed vibrant longer.
Burts Bees broke my heart when they discontinued the Cocoa Lip Shimmer color. This was my favorite lip product of all time. I put it on throughout the day, by itself or in combination with brighter shades of lipstick, and got so many compliments. None of the other colors work for me. Boo hoo!
Coming from someone who never wore make-up. I finally found a lip product and color that I loved. Cocoa. Obviously I am not alone in wishing you would bring the color back. P.S. a friend of mine work also wore the same color and is also very disappointed that she can no longer find it anywhere. Please bring back Cocoa.
It was moisturizing just like the beewax lip balm. I did not particularly like it as a lipstick however. The soft and moisturizing nature of the lip shimmer makes it too delicate and soft to be used. It does not operate well as other lipstick as it sometimes get stuck inside the tube. I would rather just use the beewax lip balm instead.
I received two of these lip shimmers in a mystery grab bag, and frankly they weren't quite what I was expecting. They felt a lot more like a lipstick than a lip shimmer, and unless I really caked it on, it felt a little dry (Though that could be because my lips are very dry in general). My coloring is very pale, so I think I will stick with the Pomegranate Lip Balm so lip color doesn't overwhelm the rest of my face.
I am a strawberry blond with green eyes. I look great in Papaya and the next darker rust color that you used to carry. I had multiples of each color in many spots in my life. I have really missed you making colors available for those of us who do not look good in more cooler colors. Please bring back warmer medium dark shades. I love your products otherwise. I do w ish your twist tubes worked a little better.
Please bring back Cocoa lip shimmer! This was my signature color, and I am so disappointed it has been discontinued. None of your current shades work. I used Cocoa for years and often bought several at a time, since the shade was always sold out. Don't understand why you would fix something that was not broken. I no longer use any of the lip shimmers, as I have not found another shade I like.
I like the texture color (Rhubarb) but what is with Burt's Bee's lip products Every one I have tried feels like I have Vick's Vapor Rub on. Peppermint oil, maybe Although my nose felt clearer wearing this ':-/ it is too much for me and I will have to hand this off to my daughter who loves all Burt's Bee's lip balm. It would also be nice if they would offer a lip balm with sunscreen.
Love the scent and lip-feel of these products, but the colors are a bit garish on my pale skin. I tried several different colors hoping to find something that would look right on me, but to no avail. I love the concept of a tinted lip shimmer, but am dssapointed that the colors Burt's ended up with were so....bright. And I do wear dark lipstick. But these colors just didn't do it for me.
I love your Lip Shimmer products. But I miss the color Nutmeg. It looked good on everyone and none of your new shades can replace it. If I combine Caramel and Fig they sort of look like Nutmeg. But I have to apply them in just the right order and amount. I shouldn't have to do that. And I shouldn't have to carry two colors with me all the time. PLEASE BRING BACK NUTMEG! I'M BEGGING YOU!
i echo all the other reviews and pleas to please bring back cocoa lip shimmer,,,,,,,i have tried every web site , no luck finding it,, i have no idea why you would discontinue that gorgeous color, it looks good on everyone, and i use it for my primary lipstick,,,,, LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMRS,,BRING IT BACK!! THANKS CAMILLE CUOCO,I WILL NO LONGER RECOMMEND AS YOU DISCONTINUE,POPULAR COLORS AND DO NOT LISTEN TO THE MAJORITY OF YOUR CUSTOMERS TO BRING IT BACK,BRING BACK COCOA!!
I got this for my mom in merlot. I haven't tried it myself. She initially liked the color and the texture. But after a few days of use it seemed to dry up her lips and the skin around her lips was irritated and dry. She might not have tolerated one of the ingredients, or might be allergic to something (though she has no known allergy). She, unfortunately, had to stop using it and had a similar problem with the Radiance Lip Shimmer. I'm sure lots of other people have used it without any problems and like it a lot.
I'm glad to see that there are others out there who are experiencing the same thing as me. I love this product, have been wearing it instead of lipstick for years. I recommend it to all who admire my lip look. BUT, I never get to use the whole lip shimmer because the swivel mechanism stops working and there's so much product still left on the center stick. I phoned today and the gal told me I was the first to complain, but when I looked at the product reviews on this website there are others who ae experiencing the same thing and apparently they exchange the wonky device at the store. That must got tiresome. I guess I'll go to a beauty supply shop, buy an empty lip pot and try to salvage the product to use with a lip brush.
I received the lavender boosters as a free sample in exchange for writing a review. I'd never heard of scent boosters or used any in the past. I like the idea and I do like the smell, but I've also been using the lavender dryer sheets and don't really need my clothes to have such a strong smell. Generally they smell good, but I will probably only continue to use them for especially smelly loads of laundry.
i love mrs. meyer's cleaning products so thought this would be a great laundry addition - it was not sadly. i used various amounts of the scented beads and there was NO scent added to my laundry. it is a disappointment - and not inexpensive.
I waited 2 uses to review this product. You definitely need more than a spoonful or whatever they suggest. It helps since I use a free and clear detergent with no scent but I'm just not as crazy for the lemon scent I hoped I'd be - it seems more sour lemon than refreshing lemon. I'll try another scent before giving up on the product
I picked up this juicer on sale and after trying it out a few times felt it did an ok job of juicing but was very wasteful as it ejects a lot of the pulp of whatever your juicing without thoroughly extracting every drop. Plus its rather large and storing it takes space.
I'm satisfied with this purchase for the price I paid for it,but the strainer is v hard to clean,otherwise I m satisfied with this purchase.
Product returned, too large for my counter space
For the price I paid,this purchase for the juice extractor was remarkable but the strainer is v.hard to clean,n it has many pars to wash,otherwise everything looks fine ..
I would have given this product 5 stars but there is only a LITTLE AMOUNT for the price. I bought it to see if I like it better then the one in the compact case. I like both but again there is not much and I don't wear make up everyday.
This is listed as Black Rice, but it is actually 2 types of brown rice and one of black. Not as advertised.
It could very well be an excellent product but is not a true black rice, according to Whole Foods.Black Japonica rice is a blend 25 black short-grain japonica and 75 medium-grain mahogany-red rice.So keep looking if you, like me, are looking for true black rice (Forbidden black rice).http://www.wholefoodsmarket.com/recipes/food-guides/rice
I am trying to reduce the amount of Pesticides Herbicides in my diet, so I have been looking for Organic products and trying to avoid GMO since they are usually engineered to survive heavy dousing with Herbicides (Monsatan calls it Rndup Ready, like it is a good thing). Anyway, I enjoy sushi at home and have tried several brands of quality sushi rice in my Zojirushi cooker. This rice seemed not quite as flavorful, a little longer grain, and slightly more mushy than a couple of the super-premium (non-organic) brands I have tried. That being said, you can make Nigiri rolls with it and it works. It is expensive, but my local WallyWorld just started selling Lundberg at a lower price than this and I can just get a bag or 2 as I need it. I will use this rice when making rolls with lots of other ingredients and save the super-premium sushi rice for special occasions when making nigiri. If you can get sushi rice from Japan (they don't generally allow export of their good rice), get it as it is most likely organic, even if not labeled by our USDA. I am rooting for Lundberg and other organic/non-GMO producers and will continue to buy their products.
I used another brand of this black rice in the past and the taste is similiar, but there was a lot more vitamins and minerals in the other brand which was grown in China. So Kundberg today to get answers.They said they grow the rice in california. I asked about the vit/mineral info and they said maybe they didn't test for those vit and minerals. But it didn't seem accurate or truthful. The other brand, Lotus Foods, says theirs is also non-gmo verified. Lotus says High in minerals: magnesium, molybdenum and phosphorus. Good daily source of protein, fiber, and manganese.Then I asked about the arsenic levels. They said it was on the website, ... as you can see it's not clear because they state brown and white rice but not black rice numbers. All there rice contains arsenic and what bothers me is people claiming their rice doesn't. It's a lie. Meanwhile the person on the phone said black rice is included in short grain brown rice. She said 2013 crop was 3.0 mcg of arsenic. In 2011 is was 5.1 then 3.7 in 2012. So maybe it is coming down. But if you look at 2011 samole size versus 2012 sample size they are testing half the samples. Which is odd. Also the range in 2011 was 2.7-6.8 and in 2012 it is .9-8.6. Which means you could get 8.6 which is really high.Based on this I will probably switch off between the two brands and not eat either more than once every 2 weeks. The china one for the minerals and this one because it's locally grown. A lot of american soil has been stripped of it's mineral content and a lot of chinese soil has been contaminated by industrial waste.
The title is pretty misleading. This is a BLEND of black and MAHOGANY rice. It is not 100 black rice. You have to read down several lines in the description to see any mention of the word blend. It's fine for what it is, but if you are looking for 100 black rice, keep shopping.
Some brands dye there rice which is unacceptable.However Lundberg doesn't but they do sell this as a blend soNot sure what it really is. For example 10' kona coffee in a blend can be sold as KonaCoffee. So disappointed
The rice is delicious, but I wanted just plain brown rice, which it says that it is in the description. It is more wild rice tasting in chewiness and texture.
Tried this rice, recently. Find it to be good! It cooks up well in our rice cooker. Taste and aroma is nutty and full-flavored. Great mixed with different rices. Very filling, too. It has an interesting color, reddish-brown. Worth trying for a little variety. Need to use a little less water than usual, for this type of rice.
I ordered 2 books. One of them was put together backwards and had the back cover on the front.
I do like the way it looks and it was fine until about a year of using it when it began to get rust on the top metal part. I had to throw it out. For the money, I would not recommend this item. I also purchased the soap dish which I have no complaints about. I would never get anything with this type of metal on it again for a toothbrush holder.
Although the product is great, the brush applicator dispenses too little or too much. It's impossible to get the right amount and I end up applying it with my fingertips.
I just love this product the first time i used it,but then i noticed it felt sticky when you touched your face.the coverage is great!!I just don't like the sticky feeling.And to much comes out on the brush almost everytime you go to use it.i also llove their mousse line of makeup.to me it covers great,has the same shades,and feels like a powder so silky feeling.So think it is just a matter of choice.I use the magic smooth souffle. but both are great products.
I like the way the make up goes on, and I like the brush because you don't get the make up on your fingers. But, it seems like I run out of the make up awfully fast, and it looks like there's still make up in the bottle, but when I turn the top, no make up comes out, and it doesn't seem like you can unscrew the bottle to get out more make up.
Love the makeup, the brush bottle leaves a lot to be desired. Using the brush is like painting a canvas, there is absolutely no way to get a smooth natural looking face using this brush. It goes on way too thick. On the other hand I love the makeup, it feels good, not heavy.
It goes on easily enough- do be careful not to get it on much of your skin as it will stain somewhat. Would be nice if you could get a little more color - maybe by leaving it on longer. But it only goes so far. It is a nice compromise to full color but use full color if you more than subtle changes.
the black colour makes hair look brown if I don't apply gel
Great but I have to use it way too often, like once every week or week and a half.
Love it, just wish it lasted longer as a little time consuming to use.
Color does not last long enough, have to it to often for the price.
I had been using this product for several years with good results. Lately, however, after a couple of weeks, my black color turns a fake brownish shade. If I reapply when this happens, it comes out too dark. If I wait, it looks like a fake dye job. I apply it correctly, according to the instructions, and I use a dye-safe shampoo between uses. Is there anything else that I can do to avoid this Also, previously, there was a jet black color. I never had this problem when I used that color. Is there any chance that you will bring back the jet black option Additionally, before the AirActiv branding, I did not have this problem. Is AirActive just re-branding of the old formula, or was there a formula change Is there any chance that the new formula is to blame Lastly, is it perhaps that I've just been using the product for too many years, or have too much natural grey, and the product will no longer be effective
I've used this product several times but it doesn't seem to cover enough gray in the fastest-growing areas of the hair I have left, which is on the lower sides and back with thin hair on top. I have even tried leaving it on for longer than the direction specified 5 minutes and even at 15 minutes before showering it off, my wife says it just doesn't cover well enough. Switching to the full strength product makes it too dark and fake looking. Just wish it would cover better. Leaving it on longer before showering also creates stain spots on skin that are difficult to remove.
The product is fairly simple to apply, works fine to cover some grey , but as I wash my hair everyday, I need to re-apply it every two to three weeks, or the color will progressively turn into a not-so-good-looking shade of yellow. I also went to the pool without covering my hair once, and was grey and yellow on the next day.
I only have a small patch of hair to color. The tube is too large and most of it is wasted. Please develop smaller tubes so that I do not throw my money away or better yet, extend the shelf life of what is remaining in the tube so I can use it at a later date. Thank you.
Looks great for the first week, than starts fading to a light brown color even with no sun exposure, just showering, I usually use shampoos for colored hair... One day in the pool and sun will bleach it to a brownish color...wish it lasted longer
Application of this product is very easy. Very little mess. Color looks geat for the first week then starts fading quickly. My hair is thick and grows quick. I have to appy Touch Of Gray evey other week. I would still recommend anyone to try it.
difficult to apply near the scalp. result is that a small amount of hair is not colored, which is a deterrent to a natural look. the touch of gray product has helped the result some, but would like to get closer without staining skin.
Split the tube in half and provide two tubes of Touch of Gray in the package. Or make it possible to use the remaining amount left in the tube at a later date. I use about 1/2 of the tube per application
Good product. Getting too expensive for the amount of product.. Better to have three small tubes for seperate treatments than one that is too much for a comb through gray blend. Thanks you
I would not recommend this product for someone that has less than 20 of grey hair or anyone with very short hair. The stuff works well, but is very messy and drips.
Doesn't last long enough. Washes off too soon. Kind of easy to apply but a little messy
Have used Just for Men beard mustache product but now need a Gray + color product.
The comb applicator is difficult to use. To cover more gray you have to leave it in longer than the 5 minutes they recommend that covers almost nothing.
Color does not last long as the regular Just For Men hair die.. I had to use it twice instead of once for the regular. Thus, it's more expensive.
Black, when compared to the former black/gray, is way too dark. They have ruined thetouch of gray feature that made this a great product.
The products started working well at the beginning (4 months ago), but it now leaves a lot of gray. I have to apply at least every other week.
The black product did not remove any of my grey as far as I could tell. I've used the dark brown before and gotten much better results.
Product is easy to use. Coverage is below what I feel it should be. Covered very little of my grey hair in one application.
After one week becomes to light and looks fake. It would be nice if I could color it once a month, not every two weeks.
I thought that the finished result would look more realistic and natural but was told that I had too much gray!
Bought this since I've seen so many youtubers rave about this product as a good cheap loose powder, however I find it has many flaws. I use this to bake but I still get creasing and separation when using this. Also, doesn't contain my oil for more than a few hours. Would not recommend this for baking since it does leave quite a bit of a white cast even though it says its translucent.
As a lighter skinned African American , this powder is not the best . It is made for fairer skinned tones. I am more caramel and it gives a white look to me which is not what I go for . Also when u use flash u can see the white caste in photos , beware
After reading some reviews here, most cosumers have no problem with Airspun. However, I would have to agree with NSAK who experienced a rash break-out after using this product. I also have sensitive skin, under my neck and on my chest in particular. A rash starts to appear a day after I powdered all over with Airspun. My face started to itch, but effects more neck chest area. If you are sensitive to fragrance loose powder, please do not use it. I wanted to like Airspun because it's a well-known trusted brand for many years, unfortunately it didn't worked well for me.
This product did a great job at giving me that glow for my highlight however, two days later I broke out in a rash. I believe the fragrance was the cause because I do have sensitive skin. So for those who have sensitive skin, I would say don't do it but if you do well with products with fragrance, enjoy the product because it works. I would also like to add that I am an African American woman and this product did an amazing job.
Don't buy if you're a pale princess because you will become an umpa lumpa
The lid was cracked when it arrived to the store and now the container won't close
Love this powder. I rember smelling this on my grandmother. It is very light to wear alone with a little bronzer or over makeup base. It does not make skin get oily even though I have oily spots.
Not transulant. It's ok. I was looking for transulant powder to bake my face.
Nice snack bars.
I have had AXE deodorant in the past. When I Opened up the Package I try'd the Deodorant stick the next morning after my shower. After a few hours of it being applied the scent went a way and the Ability to deflect odor went out. The scent is Acceptable but i prefer sandalwood or mint. This scent had a very chemical like smell that i did not prefer. I try'd this deodorant again the next day and the same results happened. The third day I tried it i tested it to last longer by putting more on than usual. I am sure some people will like this odor i just can't stand smelling it all day it gets annoying. I Had the same expectations as when i used AXE body odor in the past and i have received the same results. The branding label of the Deodorant is very well done. Overall it is decent Deodorant This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Axe Phoenix deodorant works great and smells great. It does work for 24 hrs. but, don't wear it with your favorite shirt because it does leave stains on clothing that is VERY hard to get out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
One of thee best antiperspirant I used but leave stains on clothes I'm looking for one its dry (not a spray ) and do not leave stains I did tried the gel one . Didn't workout
One of thee best antiperspirant I used but leave stains on clothesI'm looking for one its dry (not a spray ) and do not leave stainsI did tried the gel one . Didn't workout
I was unsure of trying a new kind compare to what i was getting soni bought a single bar to try before.purchasing a while box. They were good with only 6 carbs. Tasted but hadd some concern on fat content and may continue to try different ones with less fat.
If you had a peanut butter flavored toothpaste that you let dry out then ate it the taste is better than this meow but at least my wife enjoys them
These look okay but are only 24 wide if you fluff and stretch them to the limit. The base is only 12. I had to reorder double the amount to fill the containers that I bought them for, or they would have looked sparse.
These look okay but are only 24" wide if you fluff and stretch them to the limit. The base is only 12". I had to reorder double the amount to fill the containers that I bought them for, or they would have looked sparse.
These are cute sheets, but the color isn't like the picture. The lower one with the animals tan not creamy yellow. I wouldn't recommend for a girl for sure. They could be softer, but maybe after a wash will soften up. Good for the price.
I love these. I have the stamps and have made cards with them these save time by not having to "fussy" cut the image.
Love the smell and i love vaseline for chapped lips but this lip therapy is a bit too sticky for my taste.
I tried the Vaseline's Cocoa Butter petroleum jelly and like the coconut-y scent so much that I decided to get this balm but I find this doesn't smell as nice as the petroleum jelly as it smells a bit more fake - a tad less coconut-y coconut with something else, like pina colada. I have been using their Original unscented balm and I like that more. Somehow I find this Cocoa Butter one feels slightly more thin and a smidgen less moisturising than Original. I most likely wouldn't buy this one again but I'd get Original again.
It iz cool ok so das why I buy it cos I like lips to kiss
I think the dorito dark chips are better overall. They are firmer and you get more for your money!
It's a good funny movie, we enjoy a funny movie night.
I really enjoyed this movie for the price I paid! I will be back again soon to buy more stuff.
The movie still holds up well after 15 years but, unfortunately, it looks like the transfer on the Blu-ray is also about 15 years old. It looks more like a DVD transfer than what you'd expect to find on a Blu-ray. If you can find it cheap, it's probably worth getting. But if you already own the DVD, it's not much of an improvement.
While I wouldn't necessarily condone running out and buying this dvd, it is worth seeing once. Many people may not enjoy the heavy laden raunchy humor, but if you can take it all with a grain of salt you should be in for a pretty good time. Nice selection of bonus extras.
This movie is pretty funny, not much has to be said about as most folks looking to buy the Blu-ray have seen it, however the picture quality is barely a step above DVD
This Blu-ray contains both cuts of the film. While the movie remains a funny ride, I've found it does not hold up as well as I had remembered it. The Extended Edition adds unnecessary length to the film. Recommended if your a fan of the film, or a fan of Ben Stiller.
Some of the humor in this filmCan be off putting, but underneath the crass jokes are wonderful characters and themes.
Pretty good product, just be careful when replacing the glass because it is very fragile and will break easily.
I thought since it was called a laquer that it would be thicker, glossier... but it is watery and therefore the color is not true when you apply it to your lips. It is knd of transparent.
Love the colors L'Oreal came up with but falls short of my expectation. It goes on nice but does not stay on very long. Not very glossy either. Wish they did a better job.
I tried Rose on and on and liked the color a lot. It smells good too. But this doesn't stay for long. My lips become dry after an hour or so and I need to use it again.
Color's are really good with but overall not what I had expected. It is easy to apply but does not spread evenly through out. Not very glossy either.
I have to admit, I wasn't sure how this lip gloss was going to work out for me. From the onset, I was worried it might look too pink, kinda like a Pepto Bismol pink, and I didn't want that on my lips. Who wants to look sickly Or even worse, it just looks shiny and nothing else. In the end, there were pluses and minuses for the product. One, I love the angled wand with the oval base. You can't really see it in the pic, but yes the wand is angled. Makes for a very easy application. It starts to seal as soon as it touches your lips. So, its not a lip gloss but not as creamy as a lipstick. Feels like a matte but not really. And surprisingly, the 184 Rose On and On color looks appropriate against my darker skin tone (think Naomi C). The minuses Well for one, it has a strange smell to it that's somewhat off putting. No one wants stuff on their lips that smells like it could be toxic. Yuck. Also, the container was hard to open. There are no instructions on it so it can be confusing the first time (does it open from the top or bottom Do I twist or pull Seems like it wouldn't be a big deal but because of the way its packaged your not quite really sure). Carry it with you as you will likely have to reapply a couple of times through the day. Great as a base to mix with a lipstick however if you want to use it for an undertone. Just know its more a stain, not a true lip gloss or lipstick, so I feel its best for a base use or to mix, not as a stand alone.
So I went on a massive Man hunt for this shade. No one had it in stock and it was even out of stock on line in most places. Finally I found it. Just one left on the shelf. I couldnt wait to try it, so excited! I put it on.. Love the color, has a good smell to it to but wheres the shine No shine and now after wearing it about an hour my lips are soo horribley dry.. Lots of staying power not so much shine. It is like your everyday lip stain. And you will need something to re hydrate your lips.
Nice color but it doesn't last that long.
I'm not really that into this gloss. The color is really pretty (184 rose on and on) but the consistency is weird. Its not thick, it's almost watery. It's kind of like a stain more so than a gloss but it doesnt really stain and stay on very long. The packaging is pretty but I would not buy it again just for that. I taste it when I'm wearing it which I dont like either. I think there are better glosses out there.
Looking at the color in the small container I thought it would be very vibrant and stay on for a long period of time. The color did go on bright, but didn't stay on long. It's very watery and comes off easily. It provides no moisture for your lips at all. They would need to update the formula and make it a lot thicker before I'd buy it again.
Color of the lip laquer is very impressive. The tip of the lacquer is slightly bent in an angle which makes it easy to apply. Its nice and shiny but doesn't lasts for long time What i have noticed is it is better to be used as undertone rather than just using it by itself.
I believe this is meant for a kids room but I am an adult and love it in my guest room. It has a great style and required one person an hour to assemble. I found the instruction pretty typical without words and a few annoying parts. First, it says one of the tools, which are not included, is a Robertson. Novice people don't have this available. I did make it work without using a Robertson. Second, the pieces kept changing positions in the images. This made it semi-difficult to follow and I kept having to reorient to match instruction images. Third, there is a list of pieces in the front matter. This follows with 10 pages to put together the shell and then a page when user needs to open the little baggie to do the drawers. Intuition would say to use the bagged screws. I was using things just from the baggies on the drawers and kept hearing cracking. I was also having a difficult time screwing in. After I cracked a bunch of pieces and was frustrated, I determined that the screws were incorrect and should've been the ones from the front matter of the document. So, when you get to screwing on drawer slides, make sure you're working with the original screws. Ultimately, the cracks aren't visible. It's not the best quality piece but it does look nice and the price is great. So, I'd recommend this.
I believe this is meant for a kids room but I am an adult and love it in my guest room. It has a great style and required one person an hour to assemble. I found the instruction pretty typical without words and a few annoying parts. First, it says one of the tools, which are not included, is a Robertson. Novice people don't have this available. I did make it work without using a Robertson. Second, the pieces kept changing positions in the images. This made it semi-difficult to follow and I kept having to reorient to match instruction images. Third, there is a list of pieces in the front matter. This follows with 10 pages to put together the shell and then a page when user needs to open the little baggie to do the drawers. Intuition would say to use the bagged screws. I was using things just from the baggies on the drawers and kept hearing cracking. I was also having a difficult time screwing in. After I cracked a bunch of pieces and was frustrated, I determined that the screws were incorrect and should've been the ones from the front matter of the document. So, when you get to screwing on drawer slides, make sure you're working with the original screws. Ultimately, the cracks aren't visible. It's not the best quality piece but it does look nice and the price is great. So, I'd recommend this.
Did not notice much difference but then i don't from most products
color is a lighter salmon orange...not the darker orange pictured.
There is a 1/2 ridge along cutting edge that tends to collect food particles - extra scrubbing is required to keep this area clean. Sharp edge, easy to handle.
Very sharp knife, good weight, but they come out of the dishwasher with pitted marks on them. I would only recommend hand washing.
Nice to have the dispenser, but it's just one dispenser with the soy sauce in it and the price is fine, but haven't figured out what they mean by 6 pack.
This is very good product for washing the vessels.Recommended for friends and relatives as well.Good odour.
I love the look of this fireplace screen. However during the second fire I burned I noticed that glue was dripping down the glass "diamonds". I was surprised that something that was made to use in front of a fire would melt so easily. I would like to get this fixed.
We're two adult major movie buffs, loving Scooby Doo. Our all-time favorite Scoobies are in this order: Scooby on Zombie Island, Scooby and the Alien Invaders and Scooby and the Witch's Ghost. These three SDs we give five excellent stars--very enjoyable for adults. But, Scooby and the Loch Ness Monster is just a little sad and not too bad in plaid: (1) Shaggy and Scooby hardly eat a thing and actually refuse food in this movie! (2) Velma is a little thin and her hair is a little shaggy and not football-helmet enough. Even though she displays her usual brilliance, (3) Daphne is always criticizing her, which is so not Daphne. (4) Fred is just a tad bit too paranoid about the Mystery Machine and is not his usual easygoing, let-it-be kind of self.With the dialog not being very smooth from character to character, and the action lagging a bit, it is a teentsy weentsy bit dog-gone boring. It's too bad, but the other three movies are definitely worth buying and watching over and over. Even so, with this having been a mutt purchase, we leashed out and are trying Scooby Doo and the Monster of Mexico.P.S. We can't tell you if kids would like it, cause we don't got any. Oh, and we don't got dogs either. :)P.P.S Oh, and Scooby Doo and the Legend of the Vampire and Scooby Doo and the Cyber Chase shouldn't have been unleashed on the unwitting public.
I didn't like this "nursing cover" because the length and width of it is too short. It barely covers anything which is the opposite of what a cover is suppose to do. its like a cooking apron for a child lol. I return it immediately, please don't waste your time & money on this!
The actual product works great when it sprays. The can is still half full and won't spray.
These cups are the perfect shade of pink and exactly what I wanted! They are more sturdy than I thought too. However, I'm a little annoyed that it states the quantity is 24 cups but it is actually only 20! I ordered two sets and now have to buy more to replace the missing 8.
I bought this to try to cover tiny spider veins on my face. Does not cover just makes my face whiter
While this is a movie that starts out a bit slow it does get better. You have to remember that these people cant show emotion so that's why it appears to be a bit slow maybe even boring for some. But I feel the actors did an exelent job in capturing exactly that ... a person with no emotions. I feel that's hard to do. But it wasn't a movie that I would watch twice.
not as good as trailers make it out to be, yeah I bought this one on a whim. As I like sci-fi. The trailers looked good, but when watching, the story is really dreary, or rather boring and takes quite some time to get any decent value until at least 3/4 of the way through. I would not recommend this on a whim, as I did. You would be better off letting a friend take the fall on the purchase.
It's your typical no emoting dystopia movie. Hoult and Stewart pull decent performances. Guy Pierce does great with what he has.
Product is great at santizeing countertops after prepping meals..
these wipes smell ok and are the fastest way to clean the bathroom.
I like it compared to lysol brand. i have boys in the bathroom, you know how that can be!!
I have been using clorox for many years, and I really enjoy the wipes as a far easier way to disinfect my surfaces.
love having these handy for when unexpected company comes over, i can quickly wipe the bathroom and the coffee table and door knobs down before and after so kids arent sharing germs with guests
I am the kind of person that hates to reuse the same rag for fear that it won't be clean enough and spread germs around. I LOVE these wipes...I couldn't keep up with my house if I didn't have them!
I like the wipes for all around the house. Would love to see it in a better container to pull out from. Tough to get started and then at the end the last wipes are wetter than frist ones. Maybe a plastic tub like baby wipes thanks
These disinfecting wipes are great for a quick, light clean up! Sturdy enough to hold up to after meal cleaning, and for regular light pick up. Only complaint is that they are a little too wet, and do not stand up to bigger messes too well. I end up going through them pretty quickly.
I don't know why Clorox doesn't just manufacture the wipes so that when you open the container for the first time, the first wipe is already sticking out for you to use. It was so hard to pull out the first wipe because the whole thing was rolled together in a way that you couldn't tell which was the first wipe. I ended up pulling out the whole center of the roll and just stuffed it back in to keep the wipes from drying out. The wipes are great and everything, but getting the first one out so you can use the rest Not so great.
I love using this product at home and in my classroom. It is easy to grab out of the cabinet and disinfect an area. I am a little uncomfortable letting the kids at school use them because it is a harsh cleaning agent (at least in my mind). But I use them frequently once the kids have gone home. The only thing I find frustrating is they don't seem to pick up dust. They mostly just smear when it comes to dust.
This product is convenient but not for cost. I would rather use paper towrls and clorox spray
I used this product to clean the tiles floors in my bathroom and the tub faucet. I was initially very happy with the results. It removed hairspray very easily from my floor and soap and hairspray residue from the chrome fixtures. Unfortunately, the floor tiles are extremely slippery now and I have been unable to figure out why. Be cautious if using on the floor. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
three stars are about right
I used this product to clean the tiles floors in my bathroom and the tub faucet. I was initially very happy with the results. It removed hairspray very easily from my floor and soap and hairspray residue from the chrome fixtures. Unfortunately, the floor tiles are extremely slippery now and I have been unable to figure out why. Be cautious if using on the floor. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I guess I should of paid more attention. I seen that it was Clorox bathroom cleaner and figured it was a bleach product. It is not and I did not figure that out until I had spraying it in the bathtub, so now I can not return it.
I like it compared to lysol brand. i have boys in the bathroom, you know how that can be!!
thsnks
When I received this product I was so excited to use it. The shampoo didnt really work for me , the conditioner is very good though, very moisturizing.
This conditioner is wonderful to use with any shampoo and gets rid of those annoying flakes without drying out your scalp with unnecessary chemicals.
Product has nice scent and leaves hair feeling soft, but did not get rid of dandruff, even when used as recommended. If anything, it made it worse.
I have been using the shampoo for about a week now. There is less itching but the flakes are still there. My hair is so soft after using the conditioner, which I love. I haven't found many dandruff shampoo/conditioner that will make my hair feel this way. It's working great for my husband though! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really enjoyed it it smelled great. Made my hair feel super soft.Did not tangle my hair or make it feel dry. I've always used the 2 in 1 which is the combination of the shampoo and conditioner together in stead of seperatly. The only downside is that the next day my hair felt oily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love head and shoulders shampoo but the conditioner was not a good fit for my hair type. I have dry wavy hair and the head and shoulders conditioner left my hair dry and frizzy and damaged looking. The smell was also not great. I like soft light scents and the head and shoulders was too strong for me. I recommend using head and shoulders shampoo with a highly moisturizing conditioner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Loving this conditioner! Although it's shirt, hair is soft and manageable, doesn't get greasy. Scalp isn't dry and flaky. Nothing on my shoulders. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
very useful product and i recommend thisto all the user and give it good feedback
After using the companion shampoo my hair was in desperate need of conditioner and this one did seem to do the trick. It doesn't have an overpowering smell, suitable for men and women. I liked the scent, nothing really remarkably different just clean like fresh laundry. I'm assuming the shampoo keeps the dandruff at bay and the conditioner just rehydrates the hair, since you really only put conditioner near the ends of your hair... Anyway, as a conditioner it did do the job, and my hair felt amazingly smooth and soft after washing which is sometimes hard for me to come by. I have thick coarse hair so some conditioners don't have the oomph. That said, since it works for me this might be too heavy of a conditioner for someone with finer less course hair. It does take a minute to rinse out completely because it is so creamy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received Head Shoulders conditioner from Head Shoulders. The opinions in the review are mine alone and are based on my experience with this product. The conditioner does what it claims which is that it adds softness and manageability to my hair. After the first time I used the conditioner, my hair felt so much smoother and softer. It made styling it much easier for me. It also has an appealing fresh scent. I would definitely recommend this conditioner. The way to get the best results is to use the Head Shoulders classic clean shampoo along with this conditioner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Having only used 2 in 1 Shampoo/Conditioner products from Head and Shoulders I was expecting a little more out the their standalone conditioner. After shampooing with with a dandruff shampoo it's vital to have a good conditioner to keep my hair from drying out. Although it kept my hair from the dry/rough feel the 2in1's gave me, in the end it didn't accomplish the soft hair feel I was hoping for. Also, like the Classic Clean shampoo, the smell was unpleasant to me. All in all its a decent conditioner if you're looking for the bare minimum conditioning capabilities. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that Head Shoulders has expanded their line to include conditioner to match with their shampoos. I enjoyeed using the condition because it left my hair really soft. I cannot use it everyday, though, because it would weigh down my hair. But I would use it once or twice weekly as suggested. I was sent Classic Clean conditioner for free from Influenster to test. All opinions are my own.
I received my head and shoulda campaign a few weeks ago and have been using the shampoo and conditioner daily. Usually I would skip conditioner because my hair is very fine and other conditioners leave my hair very oily. The head and shoulders conditioner is very light and does not leave any buildup or oily residue the next day. I'm very pleased with this product an will continue to use. My dry flaky scalp is no longer an embarrassing issue. Thank you Bzzagent for introducing me to these products! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received a shampoo and conditioner free for testing purposes from Influenster. After trying both, I concluded that I didnt really like the products. It is effective in terms of reducing or eliminating dandruff and flakes BUT my hair felt super dry after every use. Kind of like when you're in chlorine. I hate that feeling. It needs more moisture.
Again, the smell is great! And, it has helped with my dry, itchy scalp! However, it really is not moisturizing enough for my hair type. My hair is long, thick and wavy, and I've had a lot of snarls and tangles after conditioning with this conditioner. I would definitely recommend it to anyone with thinner or shorter hair or someone who plans on using a leave-in conditioner along with it. I plan to continue using it since it has helped my scalp, but I will use a leave-in conditioner along with it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Use Head and Shoulders shampoo and separate conditioner for years, lately can only find a combo of the two which is not as good as them separate. Thank goodness for Amazon that is an easy way to get conditioner alone.
I absolutely love the set. It's a christmas present for my daughter's room....can't wait to set it up for her
Based on Tree Hut Original Shea body butter's amazing in scent and performance, I purchased the coconut lime body butter without smelling it 1st. Others who reviewed it said it compared to one of my favorite Bath and Body Works scents, Coconut Lime Verbena. Perhaps I have ended up with a defective product. The scent is neither coconut or lime. It is somewhere between stale Crisco and expired sunscreen. Even though I stink right now, my skin is drenched in the rich moisture that Tree Hut Body Butter delivers.
I've been buying this soap for years. It's out favorite. I paid under 3 for this at drugstore dot com for this large refill size. What's up Walmart!!
Latches flimsy. Cannot remove key unless locked. Keys flimsy. Slippery exterior, including contoured handles at bottom, coupled with weight makes this difficult to carry. I'd buy it again though. Price was right. Interior everything it should be.
THIS UNIT MUST BE OPENED AND AIRED-OUT WEEKLY TO PREVENT CONDENSATION! ALSO, IT MUST BE LEFT OPEN FOR 1/2 HOUR EVERY MONTH TO DECOMPRESS THE WATER TIGHT SEAL. IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO STORE IMPORTANT FILES FOR A LONG TIME AND NOT THINK ABOUT THEM, YOU CAN FORGET IT! THIS IS A HIGH MAINTENANCE BOX. OTHER THAN THAT IT SEEMS WELL MADE AND IS QUITE HEAVY! IT IS NOT A SECURITY BOX - ONLY FIRE PROOF AND WATER PROOF (I HOPE!).
We searched high and low for a nice stove with a larger size fire box. This seemed to be the perfect match. When we took it out of the box we were very disappointed to discover that the fire box was only about half the size we were expecting. This means that we will need wood that is less than a foot long. We haven't used it yet as we are still trying to decide if we want to keep it or return it.
I may have made a mistake. I bought this stove sight unseen, basically going off the specifications. Looking at the specifications, I have no idea where they're getting these numbers. Maybe they should include a picture showing this. I compared the numbers to my old stove and thought I'd be getting a bigger stove than my old one. The wood box is actually smaller. I'd say when you look at those numbers, start off by subtracting inches for firebricks, because their measuring obviously doesn't include inches lost by insulation. This may be fine if you're building the stove, but misleading to customers. The opening to put the logs in is also smaller than expected.I'm going to give it a shot. I think it is well made and a good value, but if I would have seen it first and saw the size of the door opening and fire box, I would've bought a bigger stove, even though it claims to be able to heat a house much bigger than mine.I was also disappointed in the way it was shipped. It sat on a very small and wasn't secured to the pallet in any way, with a box on top. This made for a rough ride home when the stove shifted off the pallet. They're not fun to wrestle with by yourself.
Not the real Party Size though....
Love the chips but the price is getting too high
just a good chip....
They are always at least half crushed.
Steelersteve
these chips were great the were also very fresh
Could be thinner
Chips are always good, but whoever packed my big box, put the bag along with heavy cans and jars. 33 were crushed and wasted. I am housebound, so like to order online, but will have to go without I guess.
Pretty little size n fresh
These are very tasty, fresh, crisp like all the Tostitos brand items but having them shipped was a really bad idea. The different warehouses vary and some do well with items like these and others do not. The one that shipped these did not. They came with heavier objects on all 4 sides and even on top so I ended up with half a bag of broken chips and half a bag of crumbs. (
I love Tostitos. My problem is it was shipped with a case of Gatorade. Not only were they smashed to bits the bag had popped open.
Tostitos have long been a favorite of mine even tho they don't have a 'Hint of Lime' also well liked, but I decided I like the 'Bite Size' best because I can put the whole thing in my mouth. If U are sharing - no need for anyone to 'double-dip' I consider that a very good thing. So U are wondering why I only gave it 3 stars - right Because I have trouble eating such a big bag before stale sets in. However I have a solution for this problem - a multi-pack that isn't a mix - just Tostitos. Then I can open 1 bag eat it in 2 or 3 days the other bags stay fresh unopened until I get to them. Once a bag is opened it is only going to stay fresh for so long. The smaller personal size bag is the right size to take in a lunch, take in the car etc. If U have company want to serve Tostitos - U don't have to risk serving 'stale, rancid chips' that is a big plus.
Can you tell me if this is alcohol free It's a good product haven't tried it in the new look and new scent
I have used this gel for 20 years and always loved it. They recently changed the formula including the scent and it's horrible. My boyfriend says my hair smells like an old lady. The hold is different. It's not as good. PLEASE BRING THE OLD GEL BACK.
I've used Exxtra hair gel for many years. I had to buy a new tube a couple of weeks ago and was extremely disappointed when I noticed the new scent. I've been using it since I bought it, but will have to find a new product to use soon.
Like everyone else on this thread, I have been using the old formula for 10 plus years. I have thick curly hair and this was the only product that even came close to holding my curls and making them look great. Now I really feel hopeless - especially with the hot humid summer coming up. To nexxus - please bring back the old formula and to everyone else - what new product are you using now I desperately need something new - and not this terrible low quality, non holding, awful smelling gel This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Still good despite the bad reformulation of the maxximum hairspray.
I have used (and loved) Exxtra Gel for years. You have changed your formula and it is not nearly as good. It's watery, does not have the hold or give the body it once did. Why would you tamper with a product that was a 10 Please consider going back to your old formula.
like everyone else writing review, I have been using this gel for at least 10 years, im sure its been more but definitely 10, I too noticed a change in the formula, its not as sticky as the old formula but unlike all the other complainers, I think it still holds my thick curly hair as it always has. The scent is nice, its not overpowering. I also noticed that my hair moves a bit more its not really stiff like the old formula. I like it and its the only thing that has ever worked for my hair. My curls underneath it all are lil ringlets and they still stay that with even with the new formula.
Like everyone else on this thread, I have been using the old formula for 10 plus years. I have thick curly hair and this was the only product that even came close to holding my curls and making them look great. Now I really feel hopeless - especially with the hot humid summer coming up. To nexxus - please bring back the old formula and to everyone else - what new product are you using now I desperately need something new - and not this terrible low quality, non holding, awful smelling gel This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used this gel for 20 years and always loved it. They recently changed the formula including the scent and it's horrible. My boyfriend says my hair smells like an old lady. The hold is different. It's not as good. PLEASE BRING THE OLD GEL BACK.
Can you tell me if this is alcohol free It's a good product haven't tried it in the new look and new scent
the products were very good.....but the way you package the products for shipping is lousy, they just throw everything into a box....when you receive your order their either some are crushed and if you have glass theres a good chance they will be broken...terrible packaging...thank you
The product was fine, but the item was delivered with all the other items and was at the bottom of the box with the heavy box of trash bags and other items on top. The cookies were all crushed. Not worth the hassle to return to the store. WM is getting really sloppy about packing and having items in stock. I don't like going to the local WM because I'm handicapped and have to get to the store by 8:30 AM to get am available scooter that's charged, and there's always a bunch of carts in the aisles because they're stocking shelves. It's a 24 hour store. Why don't they stock shelves at night
the pull back opening is nice, cookies tasted fresh, packaging eye catching.
Needs to be softer but taste good
This is the COOKIE that I go for when that craving for chocolate chip is raging :)
The light bulb produces plenty of light but to my eyes it is NOT white it is very yellow.
I like the design and colors of this curtain but it does have a couple of problems. It's about an inch shorter than the advertised length. I had to move the rod down below the top of the tub surround so it would cover the bottom edge of the tub/shower. It ironed out nicely but because of the gathers along the bottom, it does not hang as pictured - the gathers cause it to lay more flat instead of folded as in the picture. The top color is very pretty - a golden cream with a little shimmer - this is the main reason for keeping the curtain despite the other problems. Not the best value - one of the more expensive curtains available - but the colors really worked with my bath decor.
It's not as sudsy or moisturizing as I thought. There's nothing special about the scent. I feel like I need to use a lot to scrub m whole body. This is minor -- but the cap spout doesn't work. I have to unscrew the whole top each time I want to use some.
It's boggling why the lid doesn't work at all. If you want to use, you have to take off the lid everytime.
The grapefruit scent is not as strong as I would have liked. Great lather. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Decided to give this a try since it was in a package deal. The fragrance is nice, not overpowering, but doesn't really last beyond the lather. (For those of you who don't want to smell like your soap, this is a good thing.) The lather is a little lackluster, but probably due to no SLS, which is another good thing. My skin feels soft after the shower, but not stripped by too much soap. The dispenser is horrible. The opening is really small and you have to sqeeze the bottle really hard to get a small amount to come out. It made my hands hurt! I finally ended up taking the lid off -- and then pour out so much more than needed. Better packaging would make this product so much nicer.
This soap has a really nice smell, and the packaging is pretty, but not in any way effective. I couldn't squeeze it out with the lid on, even using my entire body weight.Once I removed the lid, however, the soap was quite nice. The lather was a little lackluster, so I don't always feel like I had enough to wash my entire body. It also seemed to leave my skin a little dry and tight. That being said, it does smell great, I definitely feel clean after using it, and it doesn't aggravate my skin as most soaps tend to. It's very gentle, and an overall good experience once you fight your way passed the packaging.
I usually use body wash primarily after using soap and for shaving. The product itself is average. The smell isn't as pleasant as I'd hoped and product consistency isn't as thick as I would like to use for shaving. Also the bottle shape is too bulky and can't be conveniently placed in my shower caddy. Also bottle shape and small dispensing opening makes it difficult to dispels the body wash.
This is good for removing just a bit of leftover mascara or whatever else, not necessarily a full face of makeup. I found that when i tried to remove a full face of makeup, I had to use an excessive amount of product. This works best for eye makeup, specifically smaller amounts. I would suggest washing your face and using this to touch up afterwards. This product gently removes makeup and doesn't sting however, it leaves a bit of a greasy feel.
This is a great product if you have dry skin or wash your hands a lot like I do because of work. The nail growth part I cannot really say as my nails are already in great shape but my hands are definitely softer. Only con is the smell, not so pleasing.
I recently bought this lotion because of it's convenient size (3 ounces). I did not read the bottle before buying it, so I was pleasantly surprised when I got home that it helps keep nails stronger, since I've been trying to find a product that works for that. It also really works on my rough, dry feet! However, the smell is very unpleasant. I really don't like it, I believe it is the keratin I am smelling in it since some of my shampoo smells similar, but this lotion just doesn't smell the best! I'd like a new formula that helps with the smell.
I like the way it makes my hands feel and look. I like it.
Thanks for the grea service. However, you need to WATCH carefully as one of the cans was dented. And I DO believe it was dented befor3e it was placed in the box as there was plenty of bubble wrap to keep these from moving around in the box. Thanks again and have a good day. Jane
not as exciting as the book, but very good
If you are a fan of Tyler Perry and his Madea series then you can probably stomach sitting through this 90 min snore fest. Otherwise save yourself the trouble and read the book...hopefully Perry won't turn this into one of his stage plays
I thought the story was OK and the action was good. After seeing Morgan Freeman as Alex Cross, it was hard to accept Tyler Perry in this role.
It's an okay movie to watch if you have nothing else to do.
Alex Cross was simple and predictable but entertaining. Not a great movie but I enjoyed it
Read the book a while back which is always a mistake when later the movie is released. Movie was good but not great. Worth watching yes.
This movie is ok, just predictable. Or It could just be me I just seemed to know what was coming next.
The movie was outside of Tyler Perry's norm; however, it was not a must see.
didn't know what to expect from perry but was actually pretty good
Tyler Perry movie? Not what I expect when I see Tyler Perry. Maybe it didn't draw me in from the beginning.
I walked into Best Buy just looking at new release dvd's, and I found the dvd at a very good price.
Wasn't at all like the book but it was a good movie.
Movie was ok I like him better in comedies. He is not a hard guy for this kind of movie
I felt this movie was lacking in some areas even though I'ma fan of Tyler Perry.
This movie was ok hard to get past madea .but overall was good
It was a movie i thought would be interesting but nothing special about it
It's an OK movie, not bad but nothing to write home about.
I have been using this shampoo for over a year and it has made my hair so healthy . but i recently noticed you guys changed the scent . very dissapointed . Is there any way , i can order the original one
I love this product but since you changed the scent I may be looking at using another product
Loooove this product! My hair is silky and soft and manageable! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
MY SCALP WOULD ITCH AFTER SHAMPOOING AND CONDITIONING, TRIED THIS SHAMPOO, SCALP DIDN'T ITCH AFTER WASHING, BUT WHERE'S THE SHINE IT'S SUPPOSED TO GIVE YOUR HAIR GUESS I'LL HAVE TO KEEP TRYING SHAMPOOS UNTIL I FIND ONE THAT LEAVES MY HAIR SHINEY AFTER WASHING AND BLOW DRYING.
I have been using this shampoo for over a year and it has made my hair so healthy . but i recently noticed you guys changed the scent . very dissapointed . Is there any way , i can order the original one
I am very happy to see that i am not the only one that thinks the new version is not nearly as good as the old!! I wanted to write to see if they will ever bring back the old scent. I tried the new and it just wasnt the same, so i went to the store and bought as many old ones as I could, and i have recently ran out completely. I save whats left of my last bottle for special days! PLEASE BRING THE OLD FORMULA BACK!
I don't like this new formula/smell! I miss the original smell. People would often ask me what perfume I was wearing and I would tell them it's my hair. Not only that, Clear products are getting harder to find at Houston stores! And when I do find it, its never the collection I like. I no longer recommend Clear to my friends. :-(
Used to be my favorite shampoo and conditioner but I've stopped purchasing this brand due to the new scent. Please bring it back...I am not the only one asking for this favor.
I was so excited to receive this product as I finally found a shampoo smell that I liked that wasn't Pantene or anything else on the market. I was so disappointed to find that the smell has changed. Please bring back the old smell!!
I happily purchased your 24/7 Total Care after having tried it in sample form. The product is very good but the design of the bottle prevents it from being easily dispensed. One has to get a good grip on it from underneath, somewhat similar to grabbing a big bottle of ketchup, otherwise it will slip out of the hand. This is inconvenient and annoying. A shame really because the product itself is remarkably effective and well-thought out.
I have LOVED this shampoo for years. Not only has it helped detangle my locks, which have been prone to knots for as long as I can remember, but it smelled incredible. In fact, I had multiple people tell me over the years how amazing my hair smelled, which was always a wonderful confidence boost! I was open-minded about the new formula, wanting to believe that my trusted and favorite brand would not let me down. I know coconut oil has many benefits, but my hair is more tangled and difficult to brush than it's been since I started using Clear. Also, the scent is very disappointing and a huge downgrade. Coconut can smell very good, but not when mixed in with the other ingredients or when it's used in a hot and steamy shower. Clearly, the new formula just isn't working for me and I'm devastated to admit I'm considering switching brands. Coming from someone who was pretty much a brand amabassador for Clear, this is very upsetting. Perhaps some people like this change, but I really wish Clear would bring back the old formula. Why change perfection
Used to be my favorite shampoo and conditioner but I've stopped purchasing this brand due to the new scent. Please bring it back...I am not the only one asking for this favor.
I am very happy to see that i am not the only one that thinks the new version is not nearly as good as the old!! I wanted to write to see if they will ever bring back the old scent. I tried the new and it just wasnt the same, so i went to the store and bought as many old ones as I could, and i have recently ran out completely. I save whats left of my last bottle for special days! PLEASE BRING THE OLD FORMULA BACK!
I don't like this new formula/smell! I miss the original smell. People would often ask me what perfume I was wearing and I would tell them it's my hair. Not only that, Clear products are getting harder to find at Houston stores! And when I do find it, its never the collection I like. I no longer recommend Clear to my friends. :-(
I have LOVED this shampoo for years. Not only has it helped detangle my locks, which have been prone to knots for as long as I can remember, but it smelled incredible. In fact, I had multiple people tell me over the years how amazing my hair smelled, which was always a wonderful confidence boost! I was open-minded about the new formula, wanting to believe that my trusted and favorite brand would not let me down. I know coconut oil has many benefits, but my hair is more tangled and difficult to brush than it's been since I started using Clear. Also, the scent is very disappointing and a huge downgrade. Coconut can smell very good, but not when mixed in with the other ingredients or when it's used in a hot and steamy shower. Clearly, the new formula just isn't working for me and I'm devastated to admit I'm considering switching brands. Coming from someone who was pretty much a brand amabassador for Clear, this is very upsetting. Perhaps some people like this change, but I really wish Clear would bring back the old formula. Why change perfection
Loooove this product! My hair is silky and soft and manageable! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love this product but since you changed the scent I may be looking at using another product
I've been using this product for atleast 6 months now, and I love it. Well at first I did. The smell was and still is pretty amazing, but honestly my hair seems completely dead. I know I've dyed my hair and regularly straighten it, but it was never a problem when I used the cheap Sauve. My hair honestly looked flawless with the cheap brand. When I made the switch from Sauve to Clear I thought I would never go back. I think that may have changed though. I still would recommend the product, but not for long time usage.
these are a little to hot for me but the kids love them
When did recipe for pancakes start requiring eggs I used to make pancakes with Flour mixture and milk. Loved those pancakes! Taste has changed since recipe needs eggs now. Plus, I do not like to eat eggs in any form. I won't be buying Bisquick again.
Chiswick is so versatile. You can make many recipes with this mix. The only problem I have is the price. I feel it is way overpriced.
Doesn't make the amount of pancakes if you follow the recipe on the back its way short.
It tastes fine, obviously there's nothing better than homemade though.
Wasn't quite what we were looking for. Story like was long.
Great bluray and like the digital opinions. No issues
The new Godzilla movie is a good movie, but it moves very slow at times. Gareth Edwards approached Godzilla similar to the way he did his previous film Monsters. I enjoyed Monsters very much and I knew this was the story of two people and not the creatures in the film. However, this is a Godzilla movie and I would have loved for the title creature to have had a little more screen time. He is barely in the movie. Despite the big G's lack of screen time this is still a good movie and it's so much better than the last American version of Godzilla.
Ignore the bad acting. The main purpose of this movie is to watch the monsters destroy stuff.
I liked the special effects in this movie but so much of it was dark & hard to view.
Maybe my expectations for this were too high, but based on the previews, I thought it was going to be a scary movie, when there were almost no frightening moments at all.
A decent take on one of Japan's greatest monsters. A fresh updated look with high quality CGI and a story that works quite well. I only wish they would have kept Godzilla's original cry intact for this film and not change it, but I would reccommend this film for a go around for any Godzilla or monster buff.
Good story line, this was well written .keeps you on the edge of your seat,.I recommend this movie for all sges to see.
I had really high expectations for this but was let down. It wasn't bad, and it was better than the previous remake. But it fell short from being amazing.
Although it's better than the previous version (which isn't saying much) it left more to be desired. Some people will sing its praises and would say it pays "homage" but I really can't get past not having enough Godzilla in his own movie.
I didn't really care for the movie but my wife loved it.
I only bought this because my middle son is obsessed with Godzilla. I didn't like it but he did.
Pretty good movie, was a little disappointed in the amount of time you actually saw Godzilla and I believe they could have done a better job of how he looked.
I couldn't really get into this movie. My kids liked it ok but it's not their favorite.
It was different from the previous movies made but it doesn't mean it was better.
Would've been better with more Godzilla and less human character development
This movie is far better then the 98 version but at the same time it was kinda dull. Not enough Godzilla and the actors were basically cardboard besides Bryan Cranston. The story is somewhat predictable. There were some pretty good scenes in it though, worth seeing once and maybe owning for the kids.
I liked the orig with matthew Broderick in it, it was more action
No really sure about the old school versions my expectations where higher but it was still a good movie
The Godzilla movie with Mathew Brodrick is much better.
This movie is not good as the one in 1990's and kind of boring
Worth watching and decent 3D, try to find it on sale
I think that my title says it all. This movie is visually spectacular, but it moves along kind of slowly. It is still better than the late 90's version though.
I grew up on the original Godzilla movies and monsters, the story line is awesome, the creatures are very cool, I wish it didn't take so long to see Godzilla. Their should have been more monsters and action. overall it was a good movie but it could have been a Great movie.
This is a modern day Godzilla movie. The older Godzilla movies provided more action from Godzilla, but this movie does a good job of showing how Godzilla would be treated today.
Kept my attention, decent plot compared to the previous ones.
Easy to purchase from bestbuy.com, just not enough Godzilla
This was a fun summer move but did not meet my expectations.
Turned out better then I thought it would. 3d was ok could have been better...
I like how they made it from a persons perspective to add more value to them. The CGI used they did a phenominal job but the script lacks.
Well, to start with, the movie was good. But as far as the 3d effect is concerned, the 3d effect is post processed, and looked average to me. The sound effects were excellent though.
This new version of Godzilla spent too much time in drama. Fight scenes between Godzilla and other creatures are ok. They should make Godzilla appears early, making Godzilla a "bad" guy, army attacking it, destroying cities and so on, Then, Godzilla save the day by stopping other monsters. Oh well, if you are fan of Godzilla, then the movie is good anyway like Jurassic Park, the T-Rex is always the favor one.
If you were hoping Bryan Cranston was going to be the main character prepare to be disappointed.
decent 3D effects but movie not so great, I'd pass
Although the movie is titled Godzilla there was not enough of him .
Good but not great movie in my opinion. More of a prequel than anything to me. Looking forward to the next installment. Thank God Matthew Broderick is nowhere near this film!
Nothing great, but nothing bad... Movie is more for godzilla fans, but at same time is not. The problem with this movie this movie is that godzilla is barely in it
An interesting version of the classic monster, however, it is a bit weak in the story line. Good, but not great special effects.
The movie focuses to much on the main character who is not Godzilla. The creatures are good and SFX are really good. I just personally don't think Godzilla was given justice here.
Bad movie with nice special effects. Terrible acting
This was an OK movie but the 3D makes it worth the purchase.
Great animation , just wished they would of shown Godzilla in more action sequences
Great value for the price. Arrived promptly after purchase.
Fun movie with great special effects. Only problem was it needs Godzilla more. If you like simple action movies with a lot of destruction then it's a movie for you.
It relies too much on the theme of the original godzilla and the pacing feels off. I also didnt like how dark the movie was in terms of coloring and lighting, especially for the monsters. They also tried to make things too "realistic" if that makes sense. The action was a bit boring. I gave it three stars purely because its the best non japanese version yet
I wanted to like it more than I did. Even with the disappointment I decided to give the 3D experience a chance. 3D did add, and I found no "too dark picture" issue on my setup. A worthwhile purchase at a discount price but not worth full price.
Giant fire breathing lizard? Whats not to love!!!!
If you go into this movie expecting the same thing as the older version from 1999 then you will be disappointed. It's a new take on a classic story and if you keep that in mind you'll be ok. The effects are wonderful in this film and the storyline is actually pretty good. The only drawback is that you expect to see Godzilla in the film since it's called Godzilla but unfortunately he doesn't get much screen time.
It was good and way better than the 1998 "Godzilla" with Matthew Broderick. But I was expecting an origin story and not another "Godzilla vs...". Luckily, it wasn't tacky but well written!
It was an enjoyable movie. However, most of the movie was filded in the dark. Made it difficult to watch.
3rd version of Godzilla remake in the past 15 yrs. Worth watching since it is in 3D.
Film was quite good but 3d quality was only ok. A bit blurry and off focus. Not really worth the money.
Not the best movie but had some action scenes but probably will collect dust on my shelf and not watch more than once
Not as good as expected.. not a fan of some of the cast.. but I'd watch more than once..
It's hard to beat the King of Monsters in 3-D. If you want a classic story line that links the old to the new, this monster mash is for you!
Watch and remember the old black and white originals from Japan
Bought this movie for my son who loves Godzilla but the movie boring.
old movie and I tried not to get it but my son insisted. Not missing much.
I was expecting this to be another movie about Godzilla waking up and destroying things but it wasn't. This movie was a revamped version of the 1970s movies and 1980s cartoon. The added storyline about the humans is choppy but easy to figure out.
I grew up loving Godzilla and this reincarnation was decent at best. Perhaps the sequels will be really good but who knows. At least it did not have Matthew Broderick in it!!!
It was better than expected but could have shown Godzilla more and in better action scenes.
This movie was better than a few others than I've seen but still bad acting
As with King Kong, the movie drags with endless character nonsense. If Godzilla is the title, then it's Godzilla I came to see. I get the "slow reveal" process, but this took way too long to get to the King of Monsters. He was AWESOME on the limited screen time he had though.
After watching I had to look at the case again to make sure I bought Godzilla and not something else cuz I was mad that they would show Godzilla fighting for like 10 seconds and then go back to the main character running around..like WHO CARES ABOUT THE HUMANS! WE WANT TO SEE THE FREAKING MONSTERS FIGHT! This movie had an ok 3d..don't think it's worth it. I'd just get a regular 2d bluray..and even say it's just worth renting. Rent it, watch it, if you like it then go ahead and buy it. 3d set 19.99 when I bought it.
I cant lie i expected more but its ok i guess. i love godzilla so its ok!
Godzilla is back with another great movie with awesome CGI.
Pretty good movie. It keeps you interested till the end.
Watched movie thought it was ok . A good way to spend a couple hours .Will be looking for more in the future .
Not a huge fan but was okay to watch. A flick I'm happy to own. Worth every penny!
It's a decent movie with hopes of a continued storyline.
Great popcorn flick with awesome visuals and special effects! Best looking and scariest Godzilla yet!
It was an OK movie. It was cheap it was an OK movie. I don't know if I would buy it again
This is a very well done Godzilla movie, but, the version I was sent is not what it should be, no digital copy included.
Good mindless entertainment. Emphasis on mindless...
A Godzilla movie that goes back to old school style. If your s fan of the originals you'll enjoy this movie, acting could have been better, the 3D effects were ok at best.
Sure I'll get it, the price is right. Not my favorite movie
I like this film, but Kong: Skull Island made a better monster movie. The problem with this one is that Godzilla makes an appearance just at the end. Hope we see more of him in the sequel.
I thought the movie was going to be bad but it was actually so good i defacated myself in the theater.
Very good image is clear and nice I will buy again !!
Better than the previous Emmerich Godzilla. but not as good as the original. However, looking forward to them building on this version.
This film is OK. When I watch a Godzilla movie I want to see him kicking butt not have him hardly in the movie. The main character is wooden, the humans are uninteresting expect Bryan Cranston and Ken Watanabe. The MUTOS are fine villains but the Godzilla screen time is sacrificed for them.
this version is way better then the 1998 version!!!
This movie lacks the excitement of the traditional Gadzilla thrill. Also, the story is weak and not appealing.
Was hoping for something dark and epic, what we get here is a kid-friendly Godzilla. Special EFX are pretty good though
When I was younger I was called Godzilla so when I came across this movie I just had to buy it. Now I understand why I was called that but other than that it was a great movie I enjoyed it I've watched it 5 times
Bryan Cranston is incredible, but everyone else isn't. The creatures and the special effects are top notch, but The moments in between are cliche and predictable. It's good, but not on par with some of the other Giants of the same genre.
Movie is ok, 3D makes it more watchable. Effects are good but not enough if GodIlla in the movie. Felt like I needed to have this in my movie collection to go with Kong Skulk Island and the Monarch group. Buy it on sale
the complete concept of the movie makes no sense. Quality is low due to the mostly dark film.
Love monster movies just wish it showed more of Godzilla, it's a satisfying movie though, but not as great a Kong Skull Island
I would wait until this movie is less than $5 to buy it, or borrow it from a friend
My kids loved it. It was alright for me due to growing up watching the original Godzilla movies from Japanl
It was a good movie. A lot of unexpected good things.
This movie explains alot of things that was left out in this one
This is more like an Americanized Japanese version of Godzilla. Takes place in Japan and California, and is a Godzilla vs. Monster film. The military still can't decide what's good and bad, so they just shoot at everything.
I awaited movie with baited breath....I was expecting better everything... however I was craving a new Godzilla so much that it will Bo for now..
Bring Home Godzilla. Great Cinematography! You'll love it.
It's godzilla. You see him for 2 min or 2 hrs who cares?! I sure don't.
I am a Godzilla fan and I definitely got to see the big guy lay waste to the countryside. The special effects were fantastic, though on several occasions you have to overlook some of the actions with how in the word could that have happened! Okay, the movie starts off a little slow, but towards the middle it picks up speed and keeps your attention a little better. I was not impressed with the acting as it seems the actors were intimidated by the CGI character (Godzilla). During some discussions with others it seemed as though this was one of those politically correct moments showing how human kinds has abused the planet and was reacting to diminish our interaction with mother earth. Fortunately I'm not one of those so I thought it was entertaining, not for the really young you might want to consider letting those below 13 watch during the daylight and not before bed time.
I loved watching it in 3D an loved my favorite actors playing there roles in the movie!
Good movie to entertain on a Sunday afternoon with good special efects
Movie is better than the Godzilla with Matthew Broderick. Still not as good as the original.
The slow burn plot and character development wasn't necessary on a character and plot we already know and love.
Great movie but wish that 3d movie would not contain DVD
I pre-ordered (online) the Godzilla 3D "MetalPak" Blu-ray from BestBuy.com for store pickup. When I got in to pick it up the item I received was the normal 3D Blu-ray set. I asked why I didn't receive what I ordered, I was told my order was not available in-store. Also, what I ordered and what I received somehow had the same SKU number. Of late the website has displayed some issues with the last few online orders. I was not too happy I did not receive what I ordered.
A decent addition to the Godzilla storyline. Would benefit I think from more of the Japanese campy style. This movie took itself way too seriously.
Movie starts off promesing but the story drags on until the final fight between Godzilla and creatures looking for nuclear waste.
Although a little slow to start, the action did keep you watching finally. Storyline was a little too predicatable at some points, over it was a decent action movie. My son enjoyed it.
the movie was ok. It has a plenty of action, and the effect was also pretty good.
He's back and finally I think a descent job of capturing that classic Godzillaappeal has been achieved it's not great but 1000 times better than the 1998 reboot.
Overall theme of movie was good. Had to wait it seemed forever for Godzilla to show up in movie. Fights scenes with Godzilla vs monsters always seemed too dark.
The movie was a great price for the movie DVD combo
Godzilla looks a bit cartoony. Dialogue was korny at times too.
It's not the original, there isn't anything like it
This is a remake of a remake. With the new FX is should have been a better movie. It is set up for a next movie which I hope do not have the same mistakes this one made. Sometimes Hollywood should not remake movies.
very little action i expected more from this movie
I grew up watching godzilla movies, so this was something I wanted to see. It had plenty of action, but was lacking in some areas where there should have been more. The story was a little overdone and predictable, but it was not an awful movie but I have seen better.
The movie was pretty good. I was anticipating lot more because of all the hype when it first aired but overall it was a pretty good movie.
Overall I'd say it's a pretty good movie but I just wish there was more Godzilla in it. I realize that you can't just have two hours of Godzilla fighting monsters and destroying stuff. Well, I'd enjoy that but most people would want a story to have the action structured around. But frankly I would've preferred less of a human element and more monster action.
I like the movie, plenty of action. Probably would have been better if I had watched it myself. The constant talking from the child on either side of me was quite annoying. Just saying.
We were disappointed in this movie. The 3 D was good but the story wasn't so good.
Wanted to see more of Godzilla fighting , not just snippits here and their.
It is just okay. The movie wasn't te best that I have seen.
Going into this movie I wanted to see Godzilla knocking over buildings and fighting giant monsters. Which I got to see, after 70% of the movie was over.The movie has great set-pieces with a satisfying rising action that leads to a titan brawl of giant monsters, But can get dragged down by Human characters and exposition getting to that point.
The movie was simply OK. The acting were good, but wish the dad would have ended with the movie. The star of the movie should have been Godzilla, instead int was all about the Praying Mantis look alikes. But overall it was a good movie. Good if you are a Godzilla fan as I am.
It was an interesting American perspective on the Godzilla phenomenon.
Fun and exciting monster movie with the King of all monsters saving earth from a couple of giant creatures trying to invade and reproduce. This Godzilla movie (and the title creature) was fantastic compared to the mid-90's version with Matthew Broderick, which was a major disappointment. Enjoyed the story also.
Godzilla show up end movie. I like godzilla movie.
like in old Godzilla movies the acting was poor how ever the special effects were good and the role of Godzilla as the hero was a suprise
Being a godzilla fan since childhood, I was a bit disappointed by the fact that godzilla wasn't in this movie for alot of time. And many of the scenes were at night which further limited viewing enjoyment and the 3D experience. The other "monsters" looked more like metal mechanical toys. Nevertheless, I would recommend this movie to others as long as they knew what to expect in the way of Godzilla's presence in the movie.
Worth seeing once , good acting and story is OK but Godzilla looked a little odd and they didn't show it much
Grandson loved it good 2nd part to the original I saw as a kid
The special effects in the movie was great, but they didn't concentrate enough on godzilla.
I guess I had high expectations for this movie. The movie was ok and the 3d effects were also ok.
Not the same as the old Godzilla movies. movie dragged, and didn't have a lot of action / Destruction
the movie was excellent and the kids loved it. definately recommend it
This truly was the Godzilla fans were waiting for, but that's just it Godzilla wasn't spoken about or focused on a lot in this film. It was more of a military movie. The parts with Godzilla in it were AWESOME though, but still just wait for it on Netflix or rent it from a local red box.
The story line was okay...not great but not too terrible. I love classic movies, and it seems as though the remakes are not as good as the classics. That's only my opinion...maybe you will love it!
A bit disappointing. I didn't walk away from watching this movie all that satisfied.
Godzilla not in this movie that much, but it still goof entertainment.
movie is entertaining but needed to see more of godzilla.plot was weak but design of godzillas features was great. more fight scenes.
Yeah, Matthew Brodrick should still be ashamed of himself, but nobodies IMDB profiles are made better by the addition of this Godzilla either. They overplay Brian Cranston in the trailers so you think his acting chops are going to carry you through this, but he's in it so briefly that said trailers likely use half to 75% of his total dialogue. Is it a must see, not by any means. But if your a fan of the genre (giant monster movies) than it's not bad either.
Not a horrible movie, but definately not something to watch more than once. Rental maybe if your curious at all, but not worth buying, Save your money for a worthier title.
I am a fan of the classic. This was not quite what I expected. Story was ok. Don't waste your money on 3d. I do not remember one 3d effect.
Worth watching once. Typical Godzilla story, decent special effects but not compelling enough to watch again.
Well first, you would have to like the Godzilla movies. I liked it a lot. Great action, special fx.
I don't think that God Zillah stood up to it's name in the one. It could have been better.
This movie was just OK. Typical Godzilla movie in my opinion.
Good plot and stiry but I wish I would have seen more Godzilla!
Movie was less than great but worth watching. Just OK
Good movie. Took too long to develop, but my kids enjoyed it. Harder for me since I remember the old movies
The movie was decent enough, they took there time in introducing Godzilla. Alan Cranston is barely in the movie.
Better than Matthew Broderick version and other's. Nothing beats the original tho.special effects were top notch.
Character development was a major consideration in this latest version, and I actually liked the less-than-realistic/rubber-monster-suit look of the featured characters. It reminds me of the original Godzilla movie I saw as a child. Not a bad movie, but I was expecting more.
I really liked it, but I wish that there would have been more action with Godzilla in there. I am sure that a sequel will have more.
Good special effects effort. The plot and acting was good not great.
If you like action flicks and monsters are your thing it's a good watch
Classic monsters movie - big, bad monster(s) tries to fight "good" monster Godzilla. Bad guy loses, good guy wins, all of San Francisco is homeless.Joking aside, I did enjoy this movie. The effects and sounds were amazing and the Godzilla mouth-last blast sealed the deal. I did, however, have a problem with the characters. And by that, I mean they were as developed as an over easy egg. Little character progression and add bring/predictable as a back story could be.All that being said, the movie was still fun to go through. I would consider renting instead of buying.
Not as exciting as the Godzilla's movies of years past.
I would have given this movie a 4-5 rating , but it really didn't do it for me. I liked the other Godzilla before this one. To much animation .
Did not like Godzilla being the hero. Special effects good!
I much preferred the original Godzilla's, even though they were pretty cheesy.
This movie is not for everyone but if you are looking for amazing audio and picture quality, this blu-Ray is for you.
Not a bad reinvention.3d effects were decent.B+ monster flick
average 3d effects. movie line was typical. fight scenes average
Movie could of been a little better with the night action scenes.
Not the best movie, but better than I expected. Happily surprised.
Godzilla was good, not great. I enjoyed the story line that came with this reboot, but it was too heavy on the "non-Godzilla" portion of the film. I could've taken a lot less "story" and a lot more Godzilla action. I would say by the end of the movie maybe 30 mins is dedicated to actual Godzilla fighting action. But it surprised me that I liked it as much as I did. Most of these movies take place in the dark and this is no exception, but I really did feel like I could actually see the action/monsters fighting, so I wasn't unhappy with it. I will say it is better on the big screen (in the theater) than it is at home on my flat screen TV. But the best defining moment is when Godzilla roars the loudest, longest, most deafening roar I've ever heard in monster movies (it's when he roars and you see the Chinese lanterns flying around from the vibration). When I saw it in the theater, the audience actually broke out in applause after that happened - die hard Godzilla fans, for sure. Check it out. It's worth the watch.
This movie was ok too much story line and not enough of Godzilla in it .The special effects and sound were good most of the action scenes were at night and hard to see I would not recommend buying this movie rent it and watch it .
Limited rewatchability. The story is far batter than the last version and fits better with cannon.
I wish I would have caught this movie at a discounted price.
It was a neat concept and a change for past godzilla movies. Worth watching
I purchased Godzilla (2014). It was ok. I am not sure that it will be one that I watch over and over thou.
It was good, not great. Although my son really liked it, I was disappointed.
Godzilla is a little slow at times, but it manages to lay all of the groundwork for future movies, not just future Godzilla, but other connected movies as well. Gotta love Bryan Cranston and Ken Watanabe.
My 10 yr old wanted this movie. He loved it! I however could have gone without it.
Another take on Godzilla coming to life and going after the bad monsters. CGI was great but, story line a little lifeless. Left you asking too many questions. See a sequel coming in the future.
As a huge Godzilla fan (I have all of the movies, even the cornball cheesy ones,) I may have allowed myself to feed into the hype. Although the movie was somewhat entertaining, I also found it lacking. Godzilla always had a personality, whether good or bad. In this movie, he was lackluster. My recommendation - Rent this, don't waste your money purchasing it...
The movie was ok. A little slow at first I expected more from watching other Godzilla movies. My grandson thought it was fantastic The story line could of been better. Especially at the end when Godzilla walks away into the ocean
The movie was ok. I would recommend this movie to others.
True to the spirit of the original . Pretty good remake of a classic in the monster genre
Godzilla was a vast improvement over the last American made version. Great acting and story made this a version to be watched again.
I can't decide if I like this movie or not. I watched it once and my overall thoughts were "mehh". I will watch again to see if my feeling improve but overall I was disappointed in the promotion of the "stars" of the film who did not have very large roles and just not blown away by the story in general
If you're a Godzilla fan....worth watching. The bluray is excellent with great audio. Though can be a long buildup to Godzillas showing, it presents itself the best way it can with Godzilla showing his alpha maleness!
I don't know what I expected I guess not to much and that's what I got...it was average to say the least
Worth watching but I didn't expect too much. The critics set my expectations low, probably why I wasn't disappointed.
Classic Godzilla storyline with good special effects
It was too long of a movie got a bit boring but a good clean family movie
Movie was good but not enough of Godzilla.Maybe a third one is on the way?
too much talking not enough monsters overall good movie
I was extremely disappointed with the movie. There really was very little of Godzilla in the actual movie. The effects were enough to keep me watching but I would not watch it again.
How can you not love Godzilla; just wish who I thought were the 2 main characters were in it more.
Decent movie with plenty of effects. Overall just average. Not great but not bad either.
The move Godzella was ok but not like the old ones!
Brings back childhood memories of watching monster movies after school. This american version trounces the 1998 one but I would have liked to have seen more about Godzilla's history and evolution. The story focused more on the bad guys so Godzilla does not get a lot of screen time. He's basically portrayed as that lone gunman that comes in to town to take out the bad guys. Still fun though.
The one with Matthew Broderick was best. But, for a seris its OK.
This was a visually great movie, story was just a typical Godzilla movie though.
Saw Godzilla in theaters and loved it. Blu-ray version extremely dark though. Had to turn my TV brightness to max and it was barely watchable.
As a fan of the genre, I like to see updated interpretations of these type movies. That said, I thought the movie was good, especially in bd.
Movie was kind of slow but it was ok. I liked the Godzilla with Matthew Broderick better. Just kind of tired of all these Godzilla films.
With an action type movie like Godzilla you would have expected some serious 3D scenes, but it was very weak. The movie itself took quite a while to get going, and really was a bit of a let down.
It was a good movie, definitely worth watching once.
Was pretty good, had higher expectations. Pacific Rim was much better.
Good but could have been better . Just used of the bad over voice on the old movies
Pretty good movie. I love the part at the end where Godzilla kills both the mathras. Acts like he's dead then walks off
This is a Godzilla movie. Keep that in mind. What made this movie better than average was the fact that the Director stayed true to style of the old school Monster movies. The biggest downfall is how dark the movie is. In many parts, it's almost impossible to figure out what's actually going on.
I really loved the movie in theater but on blu-ray some of the scenes are so dark that you can't tell what's going on. Really detracts from the whole experience when watching at home.
good movie but slow to start but eventually it got interesting
Loved It Loved It Love It Love It Loved ItLoved It Loved It Love It Love It Loved ItLoved It Loved It Love It Love It Loved ItLoved It Loved It Love It Love It Loved ItLoved It Loved It Love It Love It Loved It
This is a movie about for my son and husband they like it I don't prefer it. It's definitely a guys movie
While the film took it's time giving us some Godzilla action it certainly is a more thoughtful and atmospheric film than the derided (but personally more entertaining) 1998 film. Recommended.
They didn't seem to be able to come acoss with a good main plot. The movie could keep me interested!!
Can imagine why it didn't enjoy huge commercial success, very true to original Monster movies where the star of the show isn't around 100% of the time.
the movie showed godzilla in his truest form and brought him back to greatness.
If you like the old school Godzilla movies that have some great action and lots of drama on the side, then this is for you. If you are looking for a thrill a minute action flick throughout, not so much
It's Godzilla! What do you expect? There's never been a Godzilla movie that's had some great plot to it and would be up for an Oscar for acting or best movie. It a movie with big monsters. All we care to see are monsters that are big as skyscrappers tearing down everything and that's what you get. I just wish there was more of it. They tried too much to give it a storyline.
It's another Godzilla movie. Darker than the campy ones from the good old days. It's a fun movie, but I'm glad I didn't pay for it at the theater.
This was OK movie. Not what expected. Trailers and ads over rated it.
The entire movie wasn't all that it could have been. The 3D was a disappointment.
This movie draged on and it really never got to the point finally when it does happen you don't really know what you're watching is this a bunch of monsters fighting was little disappointed because I thought it would be more intuitive to today's movie watcher.
Decent movie.. definitly worth watching. Id think twice about buying it again. But now its part of the collection. One of those movies you would watch once.
Good Movie. Not so much great about story though.:
Great visuals but overall worst Godzilla story line.
If you were looking for a lesson in how to make a movie about a radioactive lizard that is the size of a skyscraper boring then Godzilla is your guide. Went into this expecting a horrible story and horrible acting but some awesome monster fights and wound only got 2/3 (hint, awesome monster fights didn't make the list). I went home and just watched Pacific Rim again. At least that movie embraces that it should just be stupidly awesome.
Way to dramatic for a godzilla movie.he seemed to big
Bought this on a spur of the moment, as I hadn't seen it in theaters. The special effects are really good, but the storyline kind of ruins it. It's a Godzilla movies for petes sake. The human struggle really takes away from things sometimes. Overall I'd say its just OK.
I love watching Godzilla(Japanese version) movie since I was a kid. I thought american made would be more exciting with American military warfare. Too much talking and explaining though out. Great graphic, but boring story!!
The movie is more cerebral than action. The mythology of Godzilla is explained, characters developed and some action. Better rental than purchase.
I'm not too big on remakes of classics. This version was alright. Just nothing that I'd jump up and down for. Better to watch Jurassic Park one more time....
Not great but I got it just for fun. Everything was very dark and hard to see. Hard to figure out who was doing what to what.
It was ok. They changed the story line of the original so it wasn't great, to me.
One of the better monster movies. Really long but good 3D action in the movie.
Long and drawn out before we get to the meat of the movie.
Without giving it away it is hard to give a review but it was average at best.
I thought this would be a non stop action packed movie with alot of good sounds. It was an alright movie just not what I hoped for. I would still recommend you see it though
I'm a sucker for big monsters, destruction, and crazy effects. I tried watching it once or twice but I couldn't get into it.
This movie was actually not what I thought it would be like. I enjoyed the action, and this is a decent movie for all the Godzilla fans!
After the debacle that was the NYC Godzilla movie some years ago, I went in to this expecting about the same. I was pleasantly surprised.The graphics were decent, though on a 4k TV will still look pretty cartoonish. The story wasn't great, but kept your attention. Many characters seemed only to be in the movie for emotional control only. That was a little annoying as I didn't go into this for story, but for huge monsters destroying stuff.The movie did a good job with monster mashing. It did not however do justice for Cranston. If you want to get this solely because he is in it, don't. If you want it for a good Godzilla story, it's ok if you try not to think about it. If you want it to see monsters fighting and leaving a path of destruction, this movie is for you.
It could've been better. The movie was more about the other monsters rather than Godzilla. It should of been called Godzilla v____.
This movie was fun and entertaining for my family!
picture too dark, just not as good as other Godzillas
OK. Did not think that this was as good as the hype.
This it is a great family movie my kids love it !!
I am the fan of the old Godzilla movies. This was definitely a new twist.
not as good as the last Godzilla movie, watched it with friends and everyone had the same option
The movie is not terrific, although it's not bad either. A lot of time was spent telling a story, decent. I would have preferred more actual Godzilla time. I hope they get it right in the sequel.
I like this adaptation of Godzilla but it slacked in a lot of areas. It's a decent movie but it could've been so much more. Hopefully if there's a sequel it'll have everything that makes a great scifi pop.
It was underwhelming. Come on, it's a monster movie! I liked the look and feel of the Godzilla, but had a difficult time with a plot that forgot its own points of reference ("We can't fly planes due to the EMP." Not ten minutes later planes fall out of the sky due to ... you guessed it, EMP).
Not enough Godzilla in the movie. You only get to see him fight the bad monster at the end. And the advertised star of the movie dies half way thru. But it's still a Godzilla movie so it gets 3 stars.
Liked it very much reminded me of childhood on Saturdays
Movie was ok, seemed a bit confusing or disjointed. could have been better.
Enjoyed this movie much better on first view. The 3d is excellent, sound superior. Overall, enjoyed it, 3d is worth the extra change.
Good special effects. Also a good remake of Godzilla in a long time.
The movie sports state-of-the-art special effects and includes scenes of max destruction of major (and small) cities throughout the world. The story is a bit slow to start, but is redeemed once Godzilla makes his entrance about an hour into the film. Worth a viewing.
I really did expect more from the Godzilla movie, but was disappointed. I loved the original & thought this would be the same, but with newer effects. It was ok, but not what I thoght it would be like.
The special effects are great as expected, but the acting leaves something to be desired
The movie really dragged at moments, waiting for Godzilla to show and then was let down .
Godzilla wasn't as 3D as I thought it would be. The dinosaur it self did not come out at you at all.
so so movie Godzille effects pretty good acting sucks
Lizard meets city, city has some long term baggage; a long term relationship with people who won't let her go! A web of encounter weaves it's way thru this bizarre love triangle. In the end one must die....
Movie was ok but I was not a fan. I guess I had a different idea of how I thought the movie would have went. But then again I am only writing this review for the 25 bonus points so don't pay any attention to me. :)
ok if you have nothing better to do. Special effect were good. Story a little lacking.
If you have seen one Godzilla movie you have seen them all.
The story line was average. I loved the 3D effects.
Good movie, it started a little slow but by the middle it had a great climax
Not a big Godzilla fan but figured I would give this a try and well like the summary says another Godzilla movie. Quality is good, but I even liked Pacific Rim more than this.
The movie was good. Waited way too long to actually see Godzilla. Hope the next one has more scenes with Godzilla.Best Buy had the best price!
Thank god for Bryan Cranston. Otherwise, this would be a snoozer. Ol' Godzilla is hardly in it. They've totally set this movie up for as sequel.
A nice relaunch to the series filmed well visually very similar to Pacific rim but not quite as good
Great approach to the old Godzilla, with so much more extra
That about says it all. Despite it's big budget it didn't have the style of the last one (which everyone says they hated) and about all that made us like it was the 'tip o' the hat' to Toho with the little kid in the baseball hat - too bad he didn't yell "Go Godzilla, Go! Save us all Godzilla!"
Story was long and dragged at times. Nothing new in this action movie.
The movie was really predictable and not very exciting, not much different than any other Godzilla movie.
Not the best and not the worst. It is entertaining and that is what counts to me.
Starts off slow. Finishes with some action but first hour is weak
This movie did not take Godzilla to the next level for me...I really expected more in the way of SFX and plot line.It left me wanting...
This movie is kind of deceiving since Godzilla only shows up the last half of the movie
Updated version of the others. The previous Godzilla movie was better, in my opinion.
It was a typical Godzilla movie like the old ones. Not enough Godzilla in it though. The Godzilla in this movie was far better than the one in the last film and I wish there had been more fight scenes and less pointless clips of everyday life. Maybe they will do a sequel and have G show up more and spread the fight across the film and not just a five min free for all.
Fun movie with a lot of action and, of course, monsters.
I have nothing to compare this movie to, so overall I thought it was a good watch. Aaron Taylor Johnson can do little wrong in my opinion. However I would say that it could've been more action packed
The second remake of Godzilla, not as great as you would think it would be.
This is a pretty good movie. If you like movies with a lot of special effects and best look for Godzilla yet.
Storyline not great but the 2 minute Godzilla fight was very good. It would of been a good film if there would have been more Godzilla and less people drama.
Much better than the previous film done in America. Only problem I had with the film was the lack of the title character.
Not the best Movie but not the worst ! I can't believe that Bryan Cranston quit breaking bad to do this movie. Should have came together better and had the son die, leaving the father to put all together and save the day
My girls both like it. They're 5 and 7. I think it's pretty good.
It seems odd to say, but the one thing this Godzilla movie needs is more Godzilla. The title creature makes only a few appearances, and spends the rest of the movie swimming across the Pacific Ocean. Still, it's a solid movie overall, though the Blu-Ray is a bit short on bonus features.
I have to admit that I like the old movies better. They were more focused on Godzilla instead of the back story which this remake is. It's good but only for the non Godzilla enthusiast.
this movie *spoilers* was a little over hyped godzilla doesnt show up until late into the movie for about 8 minutes
disappointed was expecting alot more the original 1998 remake was better
This was entertaining, however, I wish we would get more Godzilla. I felt like we only see him at the end of the movie.
I thought it was a decent movie. The previous movie predecessor was more impressive in terms of storyline and more realistic Godzilla. I dont like the fact that it does look like a man wearing in Godzilla rubber suit and fire breathing part at the end. The movie effects was good. It was an all time favorite movie of my son.
The movie was great except there was too much story line about the humans instead of Godzilla. Needed more Godzilla fight scenes.
I am not a big Godzilla fan, but I enjoy myself when I do watch these movies and I will admit that I like Amercanized version from the 90's. When I first heard that was coming out and the ideas that Legendary had for this film I was intrigued and wanted to see it, but when I finally watched it I found myself wanting more Godzilla, because he is barely in it. While the action was fun, the acting and characters were so-so, and when you do see Godzilla it is great the film felt lacking, but is a good popcorn film to watch.
I liked it to watch with the family but nothing memorable
Ok, the frnachise has had its moments since inception some great (original) some not so much (M Broderick version). I will say visually very cool, storyline pretty much secondary to special effects but again its a Godzilla movie not the Godfather. Get some popcorn, a easy chair and just enjoy.
It wasn't the best godzilla movie... really thought the plot wasn't really attention grabbing
Mark my word that is this is the worst blu ray movie I have ever gotten. The frame rate was incredibly blurred and terrible in almost everyway. the movie was ok (not the worst, but not the best). I think its better than the first American Godzilla thats for sure.
I grew up on Godzilla. Was really excited with the new movie coming out. I did enjoy it. Just think didn't show enough Godzilla. I guess I'm use to the originals.
A must have for any Godzilla buff, if you haven't purchased it go out and get it! Welcome Godzilla to the 21st century
As a movie, it's entertaining, but as a Godzilla movie, it's not. Godzilla takes forever to appear, the fight sequences are badly choreographed, the special effects, while technically good, are pretty pointless. Watching the final credits, I found it fascinating, and really stupid, that it took hundreds (really!) of special effects artists to take the place of a guy in a rubber suit. You want a good Godzilla movie? Try Godzilla Vs. Megaguiris, Godzilla Vs. Mechagodzilla II, or the original Japanese Gojira.
I found this movie to be too dark. I can follow the story line but find it to slow and certain facts don't match with military procedures at all. At least it makes more sense that this time Godzilla is at the Westcoast and not the Eastcoast. I bought it during Black Friday deals and I guess I am glad I did not spent that money for at least two movie admissions.
Not as good as I had hoped, but I did enjoy the movie.
I bought the blu Ray version because it was cheap. It is an ok movie for the price.
I thought this was a just alright godzilla. i felt like godzilla wasnt in the movie very long but still pretty entertaining.
Movie wasn't about Godzilla, but rather two other monsters bent on repopulating on earth. Acting was week. I watched this movie 3 times. Fell asleep the first time, couldn't keep my attention span the second, and finally made it through the whole movie the third time. They tried to make it like the old Japanese Godzilla where if anyone was going to destroy the country it was going to be him.
this movie was ok was never really into Godzilla..
Movie was not bad. Yet, as a die-hard Godzilla fan, I find the film to be very interesting!
SPOILER ALERT! I was sorry to see Bryan Cranston's character get killed early on in the movie. The rest of the film is not as good as it began, but it is okay.
No good actors to connect with...Cranston dies in first 20 mins...very little monster battles...not worth the watch..even our 10 year old thought it was boring
good movie and time killer. not the best but will occupy a few hours.
As far as a story line, it was good. I feel Cranston's character could have been the focal point instead of his son. I am not sure why they felt the need to have a stiff be the main character. Nevertheless, it was a decent movie and glad I waited until Black Friday to get the sweet deal
I only bought this movie, due to the great price during the Black Friday sales, the movie was not great, I had hoped for some extended scenes on the DVD, but even that content was lacking.
I personally did not think this movie was good and wish I only rented it.
Slow. Not as much action as I expected. Poor acting
What a great comeback for a film icon. Amazing film.
Its not what I was expecting about this movie, u though it was going ti be better
Plot is decent, you just need to remember what kind of movie you are watching. This isn't an academy award film, it's a monster movie. Remember that and you will enjoy it.
The beginning of the movie dragged a bit much but once Godzilla appeared it had enough action and excitement to keep me watching.
I got this movie for a pretty good price around blackfriday time which was about $4 or so . So for that price it was a decent film.
The theme was slightly confusing and seriously confusing to follow the movie. I was never sure if Godzilla was Friend or Foe. I enjoyed the action, but, again I wasn't quite sure whay was happening. Overall I was underwhelmed with this film.
nothing special, but better than the movie from the 90s
He's loud and angry and needs an attitude adjustment!!!
Another Godzilla movie. Good acting and great effects but there's no real difference between this version and the others, just newer.
I expected a better plot and felt the producers could not make up their mind how close to follow the original. However, Godzilla is always entertaining.
I just didn't particularly find this film that interesting. Looks and sounds good though!
Its a good movie as it's own way... but I was kind of disaapointed at the end. I understand the directors creative decision on how he wanted to make the movie. Lets just say he leaves you hanging at most of the scenes in the movie... you really do not see a whole lot of godzilla till the end. His whole idea was saving the best for last instead of giving you a 20 -30 minute godzilla fight scene in the middle of the movie. It really takes away the whole point of the movie... Godzilla. I mean i bought the movie cuz i wanted to see godzilla wrecking havoc. Besides that, the acting was up to my standards, your typical B class actors though. The GCI was top notch... beautiful stuff. I would've rented this instead of buying the movie if i had known godzilla wasn't in it a whole lot. I would say I loved the 1996 godzilla better with matthew broderick instead, despite the fan criticism just because its different from what godzilla is really about.
Special effects great but the story a little slow.
Mediocre 3D, great visuals and sound but the story is incredibly bland.
Not a huge fan of this movie, but the sound/picture quality on this disc is quite impressive.
We watched the 3D version of Movie and it was ok , had high expectations but couldn't see much 3D effect on 50Inch TV, most of the movie has Dark background scenes.
Parts of the movie were ok. Seemed to have too much going on and a lot of the picture was dimmly lit. I like the old black and white Godzilla movie better.
I had seen movie in theatre but wanted a copy for home viewing. Good movie
This version of Godzilla is just ok , but the special effects were good.
I love these kind of movies. Looks good, sounds good.
This movie was pretty good but not a good as the first one.
The fight scenes were incomplete. There were confusing jumps in the story. It felt incomplete.
Packed with action. Good from start to finish. Needs more Godzilla!
While this one is WAY better then the Roland Emmerich travesty starring Matthew Broderick it's still not saying much. The reverential approach is right but the script is so boneheaded wrong that's it's almost impossible to stay interested in the first hour. Way too much family drama that goes totally nowhere. The second hour brings a little giant monster battle goodness but the movie cuts away from the action WAY too much.The 3D isn't great. At least not on my Epson 5030 projector. TONS of ghosting. Especially in the dark monster battle scenes. The movie wasn't shot in 3D and the conversion actually gets in the way. Get the 2D version instead. On the bright side the soundtrack is AMAZING. If you have a really good sound system this sucker is gonna knock you off your couch.
First off, for a movie named Godzilla, you would think he would be the focus of the movie. Well that's not entirely the case. It takes about half of the movie to begin to see Godzilla show more, and then even in the half, the human stories take over the screen time.
Good movie but not what I expected! The hype was too high when finally seeing the movie!
Was hard to see at times but as it moved with a lot of action you were always waiting for the next view.
I will be completely honest, i hated this movie when i saw it in theaters. I was bothered that after seeing previews showcasing a large amount of Godzilla and battles, the film itself is very thin on monster action and the big buy. The characters/acting were uninteresting, except for one Bryan Cranston, and nothing else seemed to blow me away. After taking some time and seeing friends love the movie, I decided to give Godzilla another shot on 3D Blu-Ray.I am happy to say that I did enjoy Godzilla more the second time, but it still has its problems. The somewhat lackluster performances and hidden Godzilla still bother me a little bit, but overall now I see the film in a positive light. The 3D was incredibe during well lit scenes and just good during darker ones.If you were disappointed with Godzilla on first viewing I recommend giving it another chance.
Love the movie especially when Godzilla fights and helps the ppl
This was much more realistic than the old Godzilla movies, but it's just not my type of movie.
Every technical detail in this movie is not just Hollywood wrong, it defies belief. The plot didn't flow together that well either. And the acting/casting didn't much for me, including Godzilla. But it was a Godzilla movie, so this old man isn't sorry he saw it. The disc and sale at Best Buy was terrific.
The movie was okay, and more character driven. The monster effects were good when they appeared, but not near enough Godzilla. The plot had serious holes as well as the monsters Godzilla (as the good guy) confronts.
Interesting movie, if you are a Godzilla fan than this is an obvious choice for you!!
It tends to stick together which is a bit annoying, i find it doesnt clean as good as the one with the red ball in the centre
excellent product
One of my favorite sauces. This definitely is a great price at Walmart for the size.
Great story! Kurt Russell & James Spader are great!!
Great show. Bought it for the kids to watch because they wanted it
This movie was entertaining. Both of my kids, ages 11 and 13, enjoyed watching it with me.
'Stargate' is one of those movies that had incredible potential to be outstanding, but for some reason turned out to be just ok. This is decent entertainment, and is worth a viewing, but purchasing this film is probably for big fans only. Good transfer and extras, but not as much material is offered as on the special edition dvd that was released back around 2000.
I have to watched the TV series first to understand the story line.
Great series that carries from one series into the next
I like this sunscreen for my baby--it rubs completely into his skin and is non greasy. I even use it on myself, and I've never had a burn with it. However, when I applied it on my daughters and they got wet (one trip through the sprinkler), the sunscreen started to drip off them (it had been completely rubbed into their skin and not visible at all beforehand). I didn't expect it to stand up to swimming or anything, but I was surprised that it wouldn't withstand even the slightest bit of water on their skin.
I have used it for my son for some time. And he does not have any problem with it.
I have used it for my son for some time. And he does not have any problem with it.
I like this sunscreen for my baby--it rubs completely into his skin and is non greasy. I even use it on myself, and I've never had a burn with it. However, when I applied it on my daughters and they got wet (one trip through the sprinkler), the sunscreen started to drip off them (it had been completely rubbed into their skin and not visible at all beforehand). I didn't expect it to stand up to swimming or anything, but I was surprised that it wouldn't withstand even the slightest bit of water on their skin.
We love the baby Aveeno eczema lotion and I wanted to love the sunscreen as well. While the sunscreen did provide protection from the sun, as it should, the application is a bit thick and I'm not sure about others, but our lotion had a bit of a smell to it. It was not a pleasant smell, but it did eventually go away within 20 minutes of application. I should also note that the sunscreen did not affect my daughter's sensitive skin/eczema which is great because a different sunscreen we tried made her eczema worse, this one did not and that's why we will continue to buy even though the initial smell at application is less than pleasant.
I am forever trying to find a sunscreen for the family that is safe to use, but actually affordable. This one is kinda safe (safer than most in the price range), and mostly affordable. However, we have had mixed results when using.My children use it frequently, and seem to do alright with it. It protects from burns, doesn't smell weird, doesn't burn eyes (too much), and washes off fairly well, but not too well. However, when I use it on my face, it gives me a rash that lasts for days. It's only a mild rash, and better than a sunburn by far, but still, not so great. My husband sweats it off, but he does that with everything anyway. Overall, it's better than nothing, and works well enough to keep around until something better comes along.
I've used this on two different occasions. Once on vacation in the Caribbean and the kids both got a little burned and they HATED that it ran into their eyes. The second time it was in the midwest. Still hot and sunny and on the beach but probably less direct sun and the children did not get burned. I would use at home until it runs out but I don't think I would buy again.
Really thick and smelly
When we checked out the facts and hesitated to use for my baby girl suspecting any side effect. It's supposed to be balabala-free to baby but it seems not actually.
This tube was gritty. The one I purchased at a store was smooth.
it doesn't rub on very smooth
A little clumpy and difficult to apply. No sunburns though!
Totally fine for us and our 4 month old. For those that are concerned about parabens, I recommend doing your research first. Here is a good article that has facts, not hearsayhttp://www.paulaschoice.com/expert-advice/myths//parabens-are-they-really-a-problem
Loved the crunchy pieces contrasting with the smooth ice cream. Coffee could be stronger though
I was disappointed in the two mile walk. Leslie is with more college age looking girls in this video and the music is more of a rap style. This is not what I am used to using her video walks. I really purchased it for the floor strengthening segments, which are good and I will use. I prefer the older style of workout she did with more upbeat cardio workout music and the middle aged women who worked out with her. I am sure this video would appeal to someone who is 30 yrs or younger. So for now, I just stick to the same old 3 mile challenge that works you really hard.
i wanted a kitchen island with a low maintenance stainless steel top and drawers so i could keep everyday things handy. i liked that this piece was wood and not particle board. PROS: - hardwood base, legs, shelves. nice rustic/industrial distressed finished looks better in person. - very easy assembly. - locking wheels so you can move out of the way. CONS: - stainless steel top is a thin veneer. scratches easily. after only 2 WEEKS of gentle use started separating from substrate and formed air bubbles underneath, so it doesnt look or feel flat anymore. protective plastic film left residue after removal that i cant seem to get off with soap/water, vinegar or steel wool. - the flat shelf seems flimsy and i worry about it warping or cracking over time. - drawers only open 1/2 way... very weird design. you'd have to remove the stuff in the front to get to anything in the back. i'm not thrilled with this item.
Jason Aldean's album grows on you the more you listen.
Nothing special here, just more of the same. If I had an option for 3.5 stars that's what it would be
I love country, I know country, but the CD got a little repetitive and dry after a few listens. Aldean gets a little too mainstream radio from country on his albums. That's always been my issue with his style, but I gave this a try. There are probably 3 or 4 songs that were really good like "Bad", "Lights Come On", "A Little More Sunshine", and "First Time Again". If you like his style go for it, if you want country, keep looking. It's honestly all a listener's preference.
Only a couple of good songs, some songs may grow on me.
I love Jason Aldean, there are a few songs I love on this CD, a few just seemed like filler and too similar to other songs from past albums.
Cd quality was great but this was not his best cd.
I consider this to be a good but not great cd.There are about four good songs and the rest are forgettable.
not his best one but it is still good to have in>>
It's a good CD with some really good songs. I always enjoy finding the cool songs that don't get air play.
Great album. Voice is deep an sucks you in and the songs are well written
Not really sure this product does a lot. You have to use a fair amount of product and it feels almost watered down. I've found that I'm better off using the Biotin and Collagen Shampoo and Conditioner together (I get great results).
It was a little thick for me I like them I Thinner
I bought this product after not using for years, I was immediately surprised by the lower strength of the smell. If seems to work OK, but wonder if it would work better if it had the original strength.

hello! i want o ask about expiry date of the product
Like the first "Planes" and The Cars franchise before, this product is aimed squarely at children. There is nothing wrong with that idea, but Pixar has made a strong reputation on making films that appeal to all age groups. Planes Fire and Rescue is beautifully made (another Pixar staple) and has some fine moments. The characters will engage the kiddies and probably invade your wallet through all the merchandising.
I thought that this was a good movie, but I thought that the racing movie was better. The supporting cast in the first movie I thought was better, and the overall plot was a bit fresher. This one just seemed to be spit out to take advantage of the first movie.
I have a 4 & 7 year old and they both enjoyed the movie.
This movie was not very good compared to the first one. The main character is likable, so why put him through more self inflected situations?
movie was cute but i was mislead in believing it was a digital copy when it was if certain requirments was meant so my digital copy that i was supposed to get i didn't i really don't think that that is right
Like the title says, this isn't as good as the original. Full disclosure though, I didn't think the original was that great either. This one felt like something that Disney would have sent straight to DVD in the past. Felt like a cash grab more than a movie that Pixar put their heart into. This was like "Cars 2" in that they seemed to struggle to catch the appeal of the original. The kids will enjoy it though. Kids will love it for the characters and the "suspense" but, unless they are young and prone to multiple viewings, this will be one you watch once or twice then it gets filed away as part of the "hey I forgot we owned that movie" collection.
While I like most of Disney's animated movies, this one is not for me. I asked my 3 year old grandson what he thought and he loved it. Guess it just doesnt have the appeal to older people as much as the first Planes which I really enjoyed.
Fun film for the family set in the Disney Pixar Cars universe as Dusty takes to the skies not to race but to fight fires.
The colors are bright and the story line is easy to follow.
Liked the idea of the movie. Firefighters deserve this tribute and much more.
Bought this for my nephews. They love it so it was a good purchase.
Fun movie follow up to Planes, great separate story.
I have not seen the first planes. So for this one I have to stand middle ground until I can see it for myself and assess my own thoughts and opinions on the movie.
Thought this was better than Planes...Disney should have stopped with Cars though. Good for kids
Son loves the movie but I only find it alright to watch.
I love animated movies! This movie is geared more for children and less enjoyable for adults! I bought this for my nephew and he absolutely loves it!!!
I enjoyed the stakes of this movie being higher than the last one. This isn't really for my demographic but it kept the attention of my 4 year old nephew!
I would recommend this movie for kids entertainment.
Silly movie. Cute. Daughter loves it! Grabbed this cersion because she doesn't have a bluray player in her bedroom.
Bought for my niece and nephew to watch. Definitely not the best Pixar film, but it should be shown to a lot of adults. Shows the bureaucracy involved in government jobs. This wasn't as exciting or entertaining for the under six crowd as it would be for a college political science class.
Great movie for the entire family as it delivers fun entertainment! Great price too from Best Buy!!! I'll definitely recommend it!!!
Not really a fan of planes nor cars. I guess it's ok as it could be
The movie is entertaining for kids, it just seems more like a reboot of cars but with planes this time. I would recommend for kids, good content and will keep them busy.
I'm a HUGE Disney fan but I think they missed the mark with this one. My son loved it but I honestly didn't think the story was attention grabbing enough. Oh well...
bought is for my grandson. he loves the movie. good purchase
I watched the movie from beginning to end. It was ok not Pixars best. My kids did not make it through and left to go play. :\",not there best not there worst"
Good overall story and great animation. Kids will really enjoy.
I bought this for my nephew, if he's anything like I was at his age, he'll like it too! I need to watch the first one still! Cars, now planes, what's next, spaceships? lol
Not as good as the first planes, my son enjoys watching it.
I little boy is 3 years old and he loved this movie
Movie has been very entertaining for my 7 year old.
animation was nicely done nice movie to watch with the kids
Not as great as the first episode. Expected better from Disney/Pixar.
My kid LOVES Cars & Cars 2, but for some reason just won't give Planes a chance.
The movie was good but my son didn't live as much as cars.
It's an "okay" family movie. We liked the underlying message. However it did not live up to the first film. The voice acting and the plot could have been better. We were kinda disappointed. Our 3 yo who LOVES the first film could care less to watch this one again. Lol
Kids will love this movie if they like planes.....
The story line is not nearly as exciting as Planes. My children didn't even sit thru the entire movie.
Overall good movie. Keeps kids entertained for the duration but doesn't hold up to repeated viewings like most Disney movies.
I bought as a gift for my nephew. It's no cars but still great for kids
I didnt seem to connect with any of the characters. Better for young children.
We got this for our 6 year old who loves the Cars films.
want to get more movies to build up my collection g
Seemed not to clean well or rather left her to greasy and such a strong smell for kids. She has thin hair BTW.
We moved into a home that already had this pot rack installed. It has done well and is space efficient because the pots have to hang in single file. However, it only has 6 hooks and this was not enough, especially since more cannot be added. Finding an identical pot rack was very nice because having two looks planned instead of a years later addition.
I like the product but I don't like the shape of the container. It' s too difficult to get the last of the applesauce out. It's great for being able to grab the container. Maybe if they had no bumps on the bottom of the container, it would be easier to get the last of the applesauce out.
Well, This glider looks really nice. It has been great for the past 3 months, but unfortunately squeaks REALLY BAD! Found out today why it squeaks...a bolt in the back is ruined. Very dissapointed. Normal wear and tear and the chair breaks! Calling for a repacement part, but expected glider to last a little longer than 3 months!
I am 250lbs it squeaks when I rock in it, but i fit great in it, my fiance is 140lbs and it doesn't squeak at all.
This chair is made well and was put together with ease. My only gripe is that the color is off (lighter than beige), the seat is smaller than what I wanted (hubby can't sit comfortably), there are imperfections in the wood and lastly, could be a tad more comfortable. Overall, good bargin. We didn't want to spend 500 on a chair, but rethinking it.
I bought this almost a month ago. It looks great and was very easy to assemble. However, it started squeaking from the second day. The width of the seat seems to be larger than the measurements of other chairs around the same price range. Which is why we decided to keep it regardless of the noise...
Purchased for our Mothers 90th birthday, we loved it but it was a tad bigger than we anticipated and although the description said the fabric was beige it was white - too white! But the great things was the easy return - we just packed it back up and returned it to our nearest Walmart!
The description was cherry beige, but it was more like cherry wood with IVORY/ Off White cushions. This was a gift for a new grandma, so the rocker is functional and matches, but we are worried about having to replace the cushions soon because of the light color messy grandchildren.
It comes almost nearly assembled! Yay for that. If it was a box of parts I would have been angered. The price is great and it doesn't look or feel all that cheap. the only thing I didn't like about it is that it doesn't recline or have any kind of rubber foot. We have wood floors and its just raw wood on bottom.
For the first year of owning this product we had very little complaints. Now when we attempt to rock our 13 month old daughter to sleep she gets woken up by the high pitch sounds of grinding parts. Other than that it's been a good and sturdy rocking chair.
First off, the photo is VERY deceiving. The color of the fabric is WAAAAAY lighter in person, more like a cream color. But I guess that's the risk of ordering online. Other than that it is comfortable and looks nice for what it is...
Cushion color is closer to white than beige. Wood is a nice cherry. Cushion could be a bit thicker and firmer. Have only used it for the past 2 weeks, no squeeks yet. I would have gotten something different, but overall this is a nice rocker.
Got for my first babe and this is not worth the money. It looks nice but the back doesn't tilt back enough. The fabric doesn't come off the gushiond to wash. Keep looking.
Was not impressed with the quality .Had many chips in wood and paint.would not recommend to anyone.Not a good idea to buy furniture online.
nice buy at right price, haven't had it long enough to evaluate. so far so good.
Very nice for the price I paid. Unfortunately it had a small stain and a small chip.
So we ordered this without trying it out, and I really really wanted to love it. It looked great, awesome colors, and looked great in the nursery. The other thing I really liked about it was the ottoman, it's taller than many others I've seen, actually comes up almost even with the seat of the chair, which was nice. But the downside of this chair, and it took me a while to figure out what it was I didn't like about it, was the back rest. It sits upright too far! I couldn't even imagine trying to nurse a baby in this chair, it was so bolt upright that it was uncomfortable to sit in for a few minutes by myself, not even thinking about rocking a baby in it for any length of time. Now for someone who prefers to sit upright, like 95 degree angle upright, this glider would be fantastic for you. But for me it just wasn't comfortable. Aside from that, it seemed sturdy, was nice looking, and was easy enough to assemble. But we did return it to get one that was more comfortable (after going and sitting in I don't even know how many!) from another store. I should also mention, Walmart returned it for us no questions asked. It was easy and quick and I didn't even have the receipt anymore as I'd kept it for a couple months hoping to get used to it or break it in or something. So if you do order it and don't like it, it isn't difficult to return or exchange it.
Very easy glider to put together as there are only 3 pieces you actually have to attach. Site to store was quick and all pieces were in good condition. The fabric color was better than I was hoping for, and matches my nursery perfectly. However, the thickness of the padding not so great. It is thin, not pulled nice and tight, and absolutally NO low back cushion/support. It is overall OK at best, it will do the trick and is a classic get what you pay for scenario. It does have a clunk if you rock to fast, so hoping my husband can fix that. For the money doesn't (and isn't) have to be a favorite piece of furniture and will not feel bad when I eventually get rid of it.
I purchased this chair for our baby's nursery. It came basically assembled already. It is a very cute chair and it is very comfortable. BUT It it the sqweakiest chair in the world! I put wd40 on it every day and it still sqweaks, and has from the beginning! I wouldnt recommend this chair for that reason.
Chair was easy to assemble and it surprisingly comfortable however ottoman came totally broken and its not easy getting a replacement from the factory
Haven't really used it yet since we're waiting on baby to arrive. But it seems like a good value, is comfortable and was easy to assemble. Hopefully it will hold up.
I love Cocoa Butter but this is the first time I'm trying the solid and I really didn't like it as much. I prefer the crme. It just didn't work for me but that don't necessary mean that it wont work for you. The scent of the solid is a lot stronger than the crme and I prefer a mild scent. I would recommend it to people that like a stronger scent. I find the Queen Helene nicer than other brands that I have tried.
I like greek yogurt but this was a little bland. Maybe I just got a bad cup of it. I will try again.
Creamy but a little tart
My tastes have changed remember liking it more in my 20's. 50 now.
I received this for free and I wanted to like it but it weighed my hair down and made my roots too greasy This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The conditioner is ok. Nothing amazing. I need a very moisturizing and repairing conditoner. Someone with a different hair type would benefit from this. I received this for review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Received from Influenster in exchange for a review. Overall it was a typical conditioner but am disappointed in the sulfates in it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This was a fantastic concept. Unfortunately, with my hair being processed, it left my ends lacking a little moisture and then It needed. I received this product free via lNfluenster! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product just isn't for me. It made my hair smell like clay and it left my hair volumeless and flat. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner is works well, but no different than any other conditioner. I like that you don't need much to apply it, but it didn't seem to change the texture or help how oiley it is. However, this is a really great price for a good product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner is surprisingly nice for one without silicones. I love the scent! I received these products free/complimentary for testing purpose. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product as a sample from Influenster but all opinions are my own. I liked this product fairly well. It helped keep my hair hydrated and my roots didn't get oily as fast. My hair didn't feel heavy after using it either. However it still has some ingredients that I don't like to use in my hair products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just like the shampoo, it was ok but nothing special. I'm going to finish the bottle, but I wouldn't get the conditioner again, maybe just the mask and shampoo. I received this product for free from Influenster, but opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this conditioner could be more moisturizing since it is paired with such a strong shampoo and pretreatment that leaves no oil behind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this conditioner as part of an Influenster promotion (for free) and boy am I glad I did! This conditioner does a pretty good job with my thick, wavy hair. I will be interested to see how it treats my hair over time. Definitely try this for those of you who have thick, oily hair! Although I received this as a promotion, the opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Conditioners are my absolute favorite product. Maybe my ends are in better shape than I thought but this product left them feeling weighed down and greasy looking. I received this product for free in exchange for my opinions. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got this products free for testing purpose but all opinions are my own. This product smells amazing and felt refreshing on my hair. I have curly hair and I did feel like it didn't help my curls as much as my usual conditioner. But this is something I would use once in a while for that good clean feeling! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Don't notice anything different from my other conditioners. Not impressed. Not a super bad product but it doesn't do exactly as it says. Got this as a free sample in the voxbox This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So I very rarely use conditioners to be honest, so when I received this compliments of a L'Oral and Influenster I was very excited. After applying the mask and the shampoo, followed by conditioner, I wasn't impressed. My hair was soft but my ends were feeling rough, not a fan. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this in a VoxBox from Influenster- I love the concept of the system. However, my hair was left dried out and fuzzy, so this conditioner didn't seem to do much. A bit unfortunate because I really wanted to love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I thought this had a nice texture and left my hair feeling well nourished. It also took longer than usual for my roots to become oily. I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this complimentary of influenster. The conditioner is okay but I prefer a heavy conditioner with super hydration. This did okay. I feel my hair still was a smidge knotted. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I thought the conditioner was much like the shampoo: just fine. Again, I don't think it really made me want to go 48 hours without washing my hair and I disliked the smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The conditioner weigh down the hair if apply on roots. However, it works amazing on the ends. I received this product as a free sample for testing purposes. However the review is based on my honest opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner did a decent job. It did not help make my hair super shiny, but it did help make it soft. However, I was not fond of the smell, which was super artificial smelling in my opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I did not see much of a difference after using the product with the others combined. But, many people have had good luck with the product so don't let my experience speak for you! But, the product was easy to use, smelled great, and made my hair feel nice and smooth! I received this product free to test, but opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this made my hair more oily although it said it was supposed to hydrate just the ends. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The smell wasn't amazing, but not stinky. The texture was pretty watery but got the job done. It Definitely hydrated my dull ends. I received this as a free sample in exchange for my honest review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The conditioner is ok. Nothing amazing. I need a very moisturizing and repairing conditoner. Someone with a different hair type would benefit from this. I received this for review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got this as a complimentary sample in the mail to test out. It smells amazing, I've been using it for about a month now though and I can't notice a difference, I feel like my roots are still oily. I really like the concept but I just don't think this is for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I usually wash my hair every 3 days and condition it every 2. This conditioner smelled great and my hair felt nice after but not as soft as I expected or as Loreals other conditioners have worked. Still a decent product but i'do probably stick with the shampoo and buy a different conditioner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It did not stop my hair from getting oily as this is one of the features the product claims to have. However, my hair did feel good afterwards. Nothing spectacular, but definitely not bad. I got this for free for testing purposes. This is, however, an unbiased review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product for free from Influenster and didn't like it so much. I have other conditioners that do as good of a job if not better. I think the worst part about this was the directions telling you to place the conditioner on your roots. Anyone who has oily hair knows that conditioner at your roots makes it oily quicker. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this conditioner for free in exchange for my honest review. I think that this conditioner works fine. It is not anything special and does what it is supposed to do. However I would not say that it keeps my hair feeling soft for 48 hours. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Before I start my review, I would like to disclose that I received this product for free in a VoxBox but all opinions are my own! The conditioner is okay. I find that it can make my hair look a bit heavy and oily. I mainly use it on my ends since my roots are so oily. I'm not the biggest fan of this product but it's definitely not the worst product I've tried before. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this item comp from influenster, but my opinion is completely my own. The conditioner was my favorite out of the set. It left my hair decently soft. One thing I did not like is the fact that the product advertises the use of three different clays but doesn't name them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product complimentary of Influenster for testing purposes. But the opinions are my own. I really enjoyed this and the clay mask and shampoo but the conditioner didn't condition my hair at all and still left it feeling dry after the mask and shampoo This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free from Influenster and I love the pre shampoo mask and the shampoo but not a big fan of the conditioner. I wasn't very hydrating and my ends r dry like 12 hours or less after I washed it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this conditioner free in exchange for an honest review. After the 3 step process (clay, shampoo, conditioner), Im not terribly impressed. Ive noticed no real difference in my hair. The conditioner smells ok and is priced well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free for testing purposes and all opinions are my own. The conditioner is actually not bad. I didnt like the drying mask or the super drying shampoo, but this conditioner definitely does its job. Smells nice too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just like the shampoo, the product was alright. Made my hair feel too soft. Smelled okay but I probably will not use again. My hair is less frizzy, but thats about it. The ingredients are not healthy for your hair. I got this product for free from Influenster. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I didn't mind using the clay mask but he shampoo seems to dry my hair out a little too much. I have a combination of oily and dry hair so this product is not for me. I received this product for testing purposes compliments of Influenster. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This was a good conditioner. I didn't see anything different. Just like any other conditioner. I received this as a gift, all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner is nourishing however it's not so amazing that I would purchase this after I finished the first bottle. It does not weigh down my hair but isn't particularly conditioning. I received this product for free for testing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Using this conditioner has made my hair soft for a few days but very frizzy and then my hair goes from soft to brittle before I can get around to washing it again. I will likely mix and match with different products that I normally use in my routine to see if this is something I could add to my routine. I received this for free from Influenster to give an honest opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try this line since I have battled oily hair my entire life. Unfortunately , this conditioner didn't help much. I have color-treated hair as well and after using this conditioner my ends felt worse than ever. My roots still stayed oily as well. Weird combination. The conditioner smelled nice though. I received this for free from Influenster for testing and review. All opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free thanks to influnester and L'Oral and I enjoyed the product overall all. The product leaves the hair smelling amazing for days after! It kept my roots from getting oily for several days. It gave my hair great volume. It did over clean my hair a bit. I was a little disappointed because I thought it was going to be made with more natural and simple ingredients. I wouldnoy probably buy this product again because L'Oral is not cruelty free or vegan. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free for testing purposes courtesy of influenster. The conditioner does a decent job in smoothing my hair and detsngling my knots. However, compared to some other brands I use it doesn't condition my hair as well. I would still reccomend it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product from influenster for testing and review purposes. This product was marketed to target dry ends, but perhaps my hair is just too damaged from bleaching and years of straightening treatment, it didn't leave my hair feeling as smooth as I wanted to. Also, I'd like to add that my hair isn't the EXTREMELY oily type, so perhaps it was wrongly used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product for testing purposes. Although I did enjoy this conditioner, I really didn't feel that it cleaned my hair as well as the mask and shampoo did. I thought that my ends felt a little greasy more quickly while my roots weren't oily as quickly (thanks to the mask and shampoo). It's not a bad product by any means but just didn't work as well for my oily hair! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This in combination with the shampoo will make your hair smell amazing. im picky with conditioners because a lot of them weigh my thin hair down. So I tend to not use conditioner as much to avoid product build up. But I feel like this conditioner washes away well and still does it's job. I received this product for free for reviewing purposes. But al opinions are my own This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Conditioner. Well, at this point after using the shampoo that dried out my hair and made it limp and lifeless, I was trying to save my hair so I packed that shampoo onto my hair like my life depended on it! Its your regular conditioner, nothing special. It had tons of slip and got the job done, but I was waiting for that wow factor that conditioners get in order to make me love it.. That never happened, but my hair did feel a little better. I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try out this product, as I find many conditioners leave my hair feeling oily and dirty. However, after using this product a few times I noticed that it made my hair feel dry. I have curly/wavy hair and need a good detangling/smoothing conditioner. I noticed that my hair was left feeling clean and not oily, but it was somewhat knotted and hard to brush through. I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I recieved this conditioner from Influenster and L'Oreal for testing purposes and to provide my honest review. I have permed hair so the majority of my hair is on the dry side, I have about four inches around the root area where the perm has grown out. That being said, this conditioner didn't help moisturize my permed hair. I feel like it left my hair feeling dry. But remember, my hair is permed. I would recommend this conditioner to others that don't have permed hair because it could be great for them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free from Influenster for review purposes. I was very excited to try this product as it is a very interesting concept. However, I don't feel like this is good for an every day shampoo. The process of applying this product to the roots takes forever and I honestly couldn't tell a huge difference once completing all of the steps. The conditioner itself smelled great and was easy to work through my tangled mess of hair. I liked the idea behind it and will continue to use, but not sure if I will repurchase. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product from Influenster. I absolutely love the whole system together, it made my hair oil-free for 48 hours. But I expected the conditioner to do more for the dryness at the ends of my hair like advertised. I didn't really notice much of a different in dryness before and after I used it. But overall, I still would probably purchase the system again because of how amazing it worked to get rid of my oily roots. *I received this product compliments of Influenster, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product for free from Influenster to review. The smell of the product was good, I love the packaging as well. I loved that i didnt jave difficulty washing this conditioner out of my hair, my hair did look, smell, and feel clean. The product did not make my hair stay cleaner for a longer period of time. My hair is really thick and curly, I already have dry scalps so this product wasn't the best for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As someone with oily hair I don't condition often because it would make my hair issues worse, but this conditioner didn't do a terrible job, it just wasn't as effective as the shampoo and mask in my opinion. It didn't do anything that I noticed to set it apart from any other conditioner. I would buy again though! Disclaimer I did receive these products free for reviewing from Influenster but all my opinions are my own! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Extraordinary Clay Shampoo and hair mask.They work well for my oily roots. The conditioner did a great job detangling my hair and leaving a clean and fresh scent. However, this conditioner fell short on moisturizing my ends. My ends typically are drier than the rest of my hair and need extra moisture. Decent conditioner, but if you need extra moisture try something different. I received this product for free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
received from influenster as a freebie for testing purposes. ive been going through a handful of color treatments this year so my super long soft and shiny hair is now damaged and dry at the ends. i also normally wash my hair every 36-48 hours normally as my scalp gets irritated and dry if i wash daily. used this conditioner as a 3rd step to the whole extraordinary clay system (mask + shampoo). overall, my roots were in good shape for 48 hours and my hair was A LOT softer than usual. however i couldn't stand the scent that remained on my hair during those 2 days. the only way i would buy this product or even recommend it would be if there was an unscented version. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product, along with the conditioner and hair mask for free from influenster to test out and review but all my opinions are my own! Overall, I liked this cone itinerary but it didnt provideo enough moisture at the ends of my hair. It made my hair feel nice aND light and didn't weigh it down, but i need more moisture in the winter months. I focus conditioner mainly at the lengths and ends of my hair and this had a light and please scent. I will say that for the winter months, the shampoo and conditioner are a little too drying for my already dry hair and scalp. This would be perfect in the summer when my hair tends to get more oily quicker! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The conditioner is okay to me and this is pretty much how I feel about all conditioners. I'm just not a conditioner girl. I get buildup in my hair very easily and I feel like despite what this conditioner claims to do, it still gave me much build-up. I will continue to use the shampoo and pre-shampoo mask but not likely the conditioner. Despite my experience, I would recommend others try this because they may have more experience with conditioners. **I received this in exchange for my review.** This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. I took the 48 hour challenge and unfortunately i did not see any beneficial change in my hair. By the end of the challenge I looked like a greaseball. You get a great amount of product and it's very expensive. I think this product is great for somebody with less oily roots and I have the remainder of the product to my friend who has dry hair. It does smell great and feels good in my hair. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using the Extraordinary Clay Mask and Shampoo my hair definitely needed some love on the ends! Used it like it said and it for sure helped! Wouldn't say you need this conditioner though after the two steps. I think any conditioner would do the job! Would probably even recommend a deep conditioner for the ends of the hair after using the mask and shampoo. Definitely wouldn't say this product is needed. But like I said in my other reviews, if you're buying the Extraordinary Clay Mask I highly recommend you also get the Extraordinary Clay Shampoo. The two together are amazing. *I received these products complimentary to test and review. ALL opinions are my own.* This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product complimentary for testing purposes, all opinions are my own. I've been using this product for a few weeks now. I try not to wash my hair too often as I want to keep it healthy. It does get oily at the scalp but is fairly dry at the ends so I thought this set would be perfect for me. My hair still gets a bit oily on day 2, so I didn't see it make a huge difference with that. But, this product feels and smells nice and I'd like to see someone with more oily hair test it out to see how it would work. It may be better for them. I'll be sticking with my previous hair care routine moving forward. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really excited for this line because my hair gets so oily!! I loved the pre-shampoo mask. I felt like it actually did it's job and made my hair less oily for a longer period of time. I wasn't a huge fan of the shampoo and conditioner however. I felt like the conditioner didn't really untangle my hair at all. I had to use so much to make my hair tangle free and it made my hair more oily! The shampoo was okay. The product actually made my hair really shinny. Overall, the packaging was really sleek and it smelled good! *I received this product free from Influenster for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free for testing and reviewing purposes through Influenster. As I mentioned in my reviews of the shampoo and the clay mask, this product did not help with decreasing the grease that accumulates at the root of the hair, and it does not smell great. However, I will say that this conditioner was the best part of the set. It did a very good job of working out some of the clay's smell and feel, and that was the best part. It did the best of any of the products, but I still do not feel that this set was very good. I really wanted this to work, and I followed all the directions on how to use it, but it was still a huge flop for me. Hope this helps someone out! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While I did receive this product free as part of an Influenster campaign... all thoughts and opinions are of my own. Now it could just be pregnancy hormones... but the smell was almost too much for me. Clay has a very earthy smell, obviously, but the other scents used just aren't very complimentary. You want to wash your hair FAST! Now while I wanted to love it... i just can't bring myself to say its AMAZING...the shampoo, left my hair rather dry. but i can't use the conditioner on my scalp because its like a grease ball!!! Yes i washed/rinsed it all out... again. this all could just be pregnancy hormones... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product works just like any other conditioner I've used. There's really nothing special about it. There is a chemical smell to it that I do not like, but is tolerable. However, for the price, it's not bad, but there are definitely better products with better value out there. Overall, with all three products, I was able to last 48 hours, as I normally can. On the second day, my hair felt a little less oily than normal, which was great. However, by the end of the second day, my hair was just as oily as normal. So this product works, but only a little. It may be better for people with thin hair than my thick hair, as I feel like the product would penetrate better through thin hair. I received this product complimentary in return for my unbiased review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got this and used it in conjunction with the matching mask and shampoo. It was fun using all of them together, but honestly I can't say they work any better at keeping oil away than other shampoos and conditioners. I still got my typical oily hair two days after, and actually I feel like my hair looked oilier than it would if I used other products!! I did like how my hair looked on the day it got washed, so that's why I gave three stars, but otherwise I would not get this again to keep oil away. I do also find that this conditioner is a bit on the heavier side, especially for very fine hair like my own, so I did not have any volume from this product, my hair was rather weighed down. I got the set for free from Influenster to try and all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this for free and I wanted to like it but it weighed my hair down and made my roots too greasy This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this conditioner from Influenster. I enjoyed it, however it was not really any different to me than any other conditioner. It may be beneficial to another with a different hair type. It was sent to me free for testing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I hate my oily scalp and dry ends, this didn't work first try, but a few washes in my hair felt same on day 2 as day one, so I am able to skip a day to wash my hair! YEAY
I wanted to like this line. The smell is really nice (though artificial). I don't really think it rinsed out super well though, especially the longer I used the products. For the first few times of using it, my hair felt cleansed and soft after also using the clay mask and the shampoo. But that faded a bit after a couple weeks. I'm a stickler for leaving out unnecessary chemicals and colorings, and these products are filled with them. I'm sure the blue coloring is to try and emulate the clay they claim to use (wish they would point out the clay(s) in the ingredients), but I would much rather them leave out the blue whatever. And the sulfates. But I know many people don't care about those things, and that's ok. If you don't then I recommend trying this line if you have oily skin. Though be aware I think it's because there's salicylic acid (like what's in many acne treatments to dry out your pimples). I tend to have a reaction to it after some time. I noticed my skin started to itch more the longer I used this line I have sensitive skin which is why I avoid the chemicals. I received this product complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My hair gets oily at the roots and dry at the ends, so when this product came out I was excited to give it a try to see if it would resolve my problems. I put the conditioner on after already using the mask and Shampoo from the Extraordinary Clay line. I only apply conditioner to the ends, but I leave it on for 3-7 minutes each time. It washes out easily and I could feel my ends being more silky. However, once my hair air dried, the ends still look dull and dry, but was soft to touch. I found that it was not nourishing enough. As far as being able to go days without washing, that was true. I will continue to use the conditioner to see if over time the look is as good as the touch. **I received this product free for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried this conditioner with hopes of hydrated ends and roots that are soft and manageable. I love the scent of this conditioner. I think that it goes on smooth and washes well without leaving any residue. I didn't like it as much as I thought I would because I noticed that it had sulfates which is an ingredient I tend to avoid for my hair care. I also noticed that when I rinsed out the conditioner, my hair wasn't as hydrated as I had hoped. Since my ends are so dry, I can immediately tell if a product will help or not. Although it wasn't a terrible conditioner, it wouldn't be my first choice to use for my wash and hair care routine. I received this product for free for testing purposes from Influenster. I stated my true and honest opinion on this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First off, I fit this customer product base very well. I have oily roots, and dry ends. I am typically not able to go more than 2 days without washing my hair because my roots just look greasy and oily. Second, you would get the best results from this when you use as an entire system. I used the shampoo and conditioner on it'ts own one day and I didn't notice anything different or I didn't notice any extra longevity to my hair. I also used the mask, shampoo, and conditioner routine several days. The conditioner was pretty much your average conditioner. For me personally, I noticed I would need to wash my hair daily because it would look amazing that day, but after sleeping, I would need to wash it the next day due to how dirty my hair looked. I normally try to go every two days when washing my hair because it is such a pain to wash, brush, and dry. I suppose I could start washing my hair daily, but I don't have the extra time everyday to deal with my hair. My experience is neutral. I was sent this Extraordinary Clay line from Influenster and Loreal complimentary for testing purposes. My reviews are my own personal opinions based on using the entire line in full multiple times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this conditioner with the complimenting hair mask and shampoo for about a month. While I like that this is a very light weight conditioner making it easy to rinse out with no feeling of residue left behind, this was just overall not an exceptional product for me. Did it make my hair feel softer Mostly, but I have other conditioner which make it feel more so. Did it help with my oily roots I believe it did. Did it help with my dry ends I can't really say for sure. The system overall seemed to dry my hair out overall which I don't mind so much but I did have some trouble with static and fly-aways in my ends. Additionally, my hair seemed a bit coarser than when using my normal hair care routine. This is not a bad conditioner. If you have very coarse or very dry hair though I cannot recommend it. For normal to oily hair, it's ok. Not my favorite, but not the worst either. Complimentary products were sent to me from Influenster and L'Oreal for testing/review purposes. All experiences and opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product for free from Influenster and love the clay hair mask and shampoo, but am quite unsure of my feelings towards this conditioner. It has a different consistency in comparison to other conditioners this one is runny whereas conditioners are typically a little thicker. I enjoyed this product because I use the entire system when I wash my hair, but I'm not sure if I see a difference with my oily scalp due to this conditioner. It's great for detangling though! After I wash the clay mask out of my hair and shampoo, I squeeze a dime sized amount of conditioner and apply it to my hair by running my hands from the crown of my scalp down to the ends. Then I kind of use my fingers to comb it through so it mainly detangles rather than touches my roots. I will continue to use it though with this system and test to see if it really makes a difference because my leave in conditioner does the same. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved the way that this product smelled! It gave me that clean feeling and the smell is still lingering! The only negative to this product is that it seems to be slick and did not quite feel as if it fully stuck to my hair. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I felt like I got some great hydration from this product, but it did not feel much less greasy 48 hours later. I received this product in exchange for my honest review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received a free sample of this product for review purposes. It left the ends of my hair feeling like straw, and did NOT detangle well at all. It probably works well for some, but definitely not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a pixie cut right now I don't usually use conditioner. However, I decided to give this one a try because I like shampoo and clay mask that go with it. It's great for a conditioner and doesn't make my hair feel oily immediately like most conditioner does. I wasn't scared to use it on my roots. It's great for fine hair also--it helps gives extra body! I received this item for free in exchange for my honest review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was super excited about using this line of mask, shampoo and conditioner because of the things it promised. The conditioner was definitely my favorite product from this line. It smells amazing and definitely moisturizes. Left my hair tangle free! I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner didn't do anything that I'm not already getting from my current hair conditioner. I did receive this product free to review from Influenster, and was super stoked that it was geared towards oily roots and dry ends (which is the epitome of my hair!) however, I just didn't find this to do anything amazing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I do love the smell of this conditioner and it does make your hair soft but when I compare it to other conditioners I feel like there isn't a huge difference. I was hoping that the ends of my hair wouldn't be so dry. It is a good conditioner but I need something better. I received this for free from Influenster all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product to sample to give a review. The conditioner was very helpful in de tangling my very thick hair! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received the complete line for free to try it out, the mask did remove oils from roots and shampoo conditioner left hair soft, but I felt that kd didn't last long, next day the roots were oily again This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try this line, as it is intend d for my exact hair type-- oily roots and dry ends. However, this conditioner was not hydrating enough for me. I have color-treated hair, and my strands were left feeling a bit too dry atvtge ends after using this. Additionally, my hair was just as oily as usual, upon inspection 24 hours later.This conditioner was ok, but nothing special for me I would not repurchase. I received this for free fromInfluenster for testing and review. All opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product complimentary for testing purposes, all opinions are my own. I was anxious to try this product as oily hair has been an issue for me for as long as I can remember. I used the entire sample, every other dayfor four weeks. I used this in combo with the shampoo EOD and the clay mask once weekly. The smell kind of gave me a headache. It would be useful to prepare for a weekend away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wasn't impressed with this product because of its lack of hydrating ability. I was expecting more hydration after the oil-absorbing shampoo and mask. Great fragrance but average effectiveness. Note that I did receive this product free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been a big fan of clay in my beauty products for years. Clay is excellent for soaking up excess oils - whether it's on your face or hair - so I was really excited to try this new line hoping to see results. My hair is really long, thick, oily at the roots, and very damaged at the ends. I find this conditioner to be just okay. Pro: Affordable price + it doesn't weigh down my hair at all. Con: It could be more moisturizing. Disclaimer: I was sent products from the Extraordinary Clay line for testing purposes but all opinions are from my own experiences. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First off, I fit this customer product base very well. I have oily roots, and dry ends, and I am typically not able to go more than 2 days without washing my hair because my roots just look greasy and oily. Second, you would get the best results from this when you use as an entire system. I used the shampoo and conditioner on it'ts own one day and I didn't notice anything different or I didn't notice any extra longevity to my hair. The conditioner was pretty much your average conditioner. While it did leave my hair soft and hydrated, I could not get over the scent. The scent in the entire line is just way too strong for my liking and I feel like with smells that strong, those can only really be achieved with chemicals and I prefer to avoid extra chemicals in my hair if possible. I feel that I did need a bit more styling product in my hair because the conditioner left my hair so soft, it wouldn't hold much of a style. I would say this line works well when used as a system - but again, the scent on all three products was just too much for me. If they made this line in a fragrance free option, I would most likely purchase and give it another shot. As for recommending this, I would not say this is a bad product, I just don't think it really made a big difference in my personal hair. It may very well work for others. I find that using my normal shampoo and conditioner the days I wash and a little dry shampoo applied before I go to bed that night gives me very similar results, if not, a tiny bit better. I was sent this Extraordinary Clay line from Influenster and Loreal complimentary for testing purposes. My reviews are my own personal opinions based on using the entire line in full multiple times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this for a month and well I like the mask and shampoo for the extraordinary clay but the conditioner is average. I think it has a nice smell and it has a thick texture but it doesn't do much to moisturize my hair or help soften it to be easier to detangle like other conditioners I've tried. I think it's okay but I'm not sure it works for my hair. Disclaimer* I received this product for free from influenster and L'Oral Hair for testing purposes but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this line of products in my Lorealhair ExtraordinaryClay VoxBox from Influenster free for testing purposes. I love that it addresses the issue of having dry ends but oily roots. I have used it a few times, and I'm not turned off by it at all but I'm also not overly impressed. My hair seemed to still be the same way - dry on the ends and oily at the roots after use. It may take longer to show the results, but I can definitely say it doesn't seem to be a one-use improvement product. Also, having color-treated hair, I would have liked to be more assured than a small line that reads suitable for color-treated hair. It doesn't seem to have hurt my colored hair though, so thats great! The smell is awesome and the formula seems gentle. I probably still would rcommend trying this product because it may work better for others and if it does take care of the oily and dry conundrum for someone, that is awesome. Props to L'Oreal for introducing a product that addresses that issue. contest This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free for testing/reviewing purposes. I used this conditioner as part of the 3 step process: hair mask, shampoo then conditioner. When used together, they are supposed to remove oil from your roots and moisturize your ends for 48 hours. My hair felt great the first day..clean and soft, but was very oily the second day. These products do leave your hair smelling very fresh for 48 hours though! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product works just like any other conditioner I've used. There's really nothing special about it. There is a chemical smell to it that I do not like, but is tolerable. However, for the price, it's not bad, but there are definitely better products with better value out there. Overall, with all three products, I was able to last 48 hours, as I normally can. On the second day, my hair felt a little less oily than normal, which was great. However, by the end of the second day, my hair was just as oily as normal. So this product works, but only a little. It may be better for people with thin hair than my thick hair, as I feel like the product would penetrate better through thin hair. I received this product complimentary in return for my unbiased review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this line of products in my Lorealhair ExtraordinaryClay VoxBox from Influenster free for testing purposes. I love that it addresses the issue of having dry ends but oily roots. I have used it a few times, and I'm not turned off by it at all but I'm also not overly impressed. My hair seemed to still be the same way - dry on the ends and oily at the roots after use. It may take longer to show the results, but I can definitely say it doesn't seem to be a one-use improvement product. Also, having color-treated hair, I would have liked to be more assured than a small line that reads suitable for color-treated hair. It doesn't seem to have hurt my colored hair though, so thats great! The smell is awesome and the formula seems gentle. I probably still would rcommend trying this product because it may work better for others and if it does take care of the oily and dry conundrum for someone, that is awesome. Props to L'Oreal for introducing a product that addresses that issue. contest This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This was a fantastic concept. Unfortunately, with my hair being processed, it left my ends lacking a little moisture and then It needed. I received this product free via lNfluenster! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I do love the smell of this conditioner and it does make your hair soft but when I compare it to other conditioners I feel like there isn't a huge difference. I was hoping that the ends of my hair wouldn't be so dry. It is a good conditioner but I need something better. I received this for free from Influenster all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First off, I fit this customer product base very well. I have oily roots, and dry ends, and I am typically not able to go more than 2 days without washing my hair because my roots just look greasy and oily. Second, you would get the best results from this when you use as an entire system. I used the shampoo and conditioner on it'ts own one day and I didn't notice anything different or I didn't notice any extra longevity to my hair. The conditioner was pretty much your average conditioner. While it did leave my hair soft and hydrated, I could not get over the scent. The scent in the entire line is just way too strong for my liking and I feel like with smells that strong, those can only really be achieved with chemicals and I prefer to avoid extra chemicals in my hair if possible. I feel that I did need a bit more styling product in my hair because the conditioner left my hair so soft, it wouldn't hold much of a style. I would say this line works well when used as a system - but again, the scent on all three products was just too much for me. If they made this line in a fragrance free option, I would most likely purchase and give it another shot. As for recommending this, I would not say this is a bad product, I just don't think it really made a big difference in my personal hair. It may very well work for others. I find that using my normal shampoo and conditioner the days I wash and a little dry shampoo applied before I go to bed that night gives me very similar results, if not, a tiny bit better. I was sent this Extraordinary Clay line from Influenster and Loreal complimentary for testing purposes. My reviews are my own personal opinions based on using the entire line in full multiple times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got this products free for testing purpose but all opinions are my own. This product smells amazing and felt refreshing on my hair. I have curly hair and I did feel like it didn't help my curls as much as my usual conditioner. But this is something I would use once in a while for that good clean feeling! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product as a sample from Influenster but all opinions are my own. I liked this product fairly well. It helped keep my hair hydrated and my roots didn't get oily as fast. My hair didn't feel heavy after using it either. However it still has some ingredients that I don't like to use in my hair products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got this and used it in conjunction with the matching mask and shampoo. It was fun using all of them together, but honestly I can't say they work any better at keeping oil away than other shampoos and conditioners. I still got my typical oily hair two days after, and actually I feel like my hair looked oilier than it would if I used other products!! I did like how my hair looked on the day it got washed, so that's why I gave three stars, but otherwise I would not get this again to keep oil away. I do also find that this conditioner is a bit on the heavier side, especially for very fine hair like my own, so I did not have any volume from this product, my hair was rather weighed down. I got the set for free from Influenster to try and all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner is works well, but no different than any other conditioner. I like that you don't need much to apply it, but it didn't seem to change the texture or help how oiley it is. However, this is a really great price for a good product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved the way that this product smelled! It gave me that clean feeling and the smell is still lingering! The only negative to this product is that it seems to be slick and did not quite feel as if it fully stuck to my hair. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am not in love with the conditioner. The clay mask and shampoo are GREAT but I didn't feel like this did anything for my ends. I would buy the other two, but not this, probably because I have fine hair and my ends need deep conditioning. Smells great though! I got this product free for testing and review purposes but the opinions are entirely my own. ExtraordinaryClay, LorealHair contest, ad, spon, sweepstakes influenster This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So I very rarely use conditioners to be honest, so when I received this compliments of a L'Oral and Influenster I was very excited. After applying the mask and the shampoo, followed by conditioner, I wasn't impressed. My hair was soft but my ends were feeling rough, not a fan. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Conditioner. Well, at this point after using the shampoo that dried out my hair and made it limp and lifeless, I was trying to save my hair so I packed that shampoo onto my hair like my life depended on it! Its your regular conditioner, nothing special. It had tons of slip and got the job done, but I was waiting for that wow factor that conditioners get in order to make me love it.. That never happened, but my hair did feel a little better. I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this conditioner from Influenster. I enjoyed it, however it was not really any different to me than any other conditioner. It may be beneficial to another with a different hair type. It was sent to me free for testing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product, along with the conditioner and hair mask for free from influenster to test out and review but all my opinions are my own! Overall, I liked this cone itinerary but it didnt provideo enough moisture at the ends of my hair. It made my hair feel nice aND light and didn't weigh it down, but i need more moisture in the winter months. I focus conditioner mainly at the lengths and ends of my hair and this had a light and please scent. I will say that for the winter months, the shampoo and conditioner are a little too drying for my already dry hair and scalp. This would be perfect in the summer when my hair tends to get more oily quicker! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free for testing and reviewing purposes through Influenster. As I mentioned in my reviews of the shampoo and the clay mask, this product did not help with decreasing the grease that accumulates at the root of the hair, and it does not smell great. However, I will say that this conditioner was the best part of the set. It did a very good job of working out some of the clay's smell and feel, and that was the best part. It did the best of any of the products, but I still do not feel that this set was very good. I really wanted this to work, and I followed all the directions on how to use it, but it was still a huge flop for me. Hope this helps someone out! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
received from influenster as a freebie for testing purposes. ive been going through a handful of color treatments this year so my super long soft and shiny hair is now damaged and dry at the ends. i also normally wash my hair every 36-48 hours normally as my scalp gets irritated and dry if i wash daily. used this conditioner as a 3rd step to the whole extraordinary clay system (mask + shampoo). overall, my roots were in good shape for 48 hours and my hair was A LOT softer than usual. however i couldn't stand the scent that remained on my hair during those 2 days. the only way i would buy this product or even recommend it would be if there was an unscented version. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try this line since I have battled oily hair my entire life. Unfortunately , this conditioner didn't help much. I have color-treated hair as well and after using this conditioner my ends felt worse than ever. My roots still stayed oily as well. Weird combination. The conditioner smelled nice though. I received this for free from Influenster for testing and review. All opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I thought this had a nice texture and left my hair feeling well nourished. It also took longer than usual for my roots to become oily. I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try out this product, as I find many conditioners leave my hair feeling oily and dirty. However, after using this product a few times I noticed that it made my hair feel dry. I have curly/wavy hair and need a good detangling/smoothing conditioner. I noticed that my hair was left feeling clean and not oily, but it was somewhat knotted and hard to brush through. I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner didn't wow me as much as the mask and shampoo of the line did. The conditioner wasn't of a very thick consistency, which I prefer for conditioner. It also didn't seem to make my hair feel particularly moisturized. I received this complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received the complete line for free to try it out, the mask did remove oils from roots and shampoo conditioner left hair soft, but I felt that kd didn't last long, next day the roots were oily again This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Don't notice anything different from my other conditioners. Not impressed. Not a super bad product but it doesn't do exactly as it says. Got this as a free sample in the voxbox This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this in a VoxBox from Influenster- I love the concept of the system. However, my hair was left dried out and fuzzy, so this conditioner didn't seem to do much. A bit unfortunate because I really wanted to love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First off, I fit this customer product base very well. I have oily roots, and dry ends. I am typically not able to go more than 2 days without washing my hair because my roots just look greasy and oily. Second, you would get the best results from this when you use as an entire system. I used the shampoo and conditioner on it'ts own one day and I didn't notice anything different or I didn't notice any extra longevity to my hair. I also used the mask, shampoo, and conditioner routine several days. The conditioner was pretty much your average conditioner. For me personally, I noticed I would need to wash my hair daily because it would look amazing that day, but after sleeping, I would need to wash it the next day due to how dirty my hair looked. I normally try to go every two days when washing my hair because it is such a pain to wash, brush, and dry. I suppose I could start washing my hair daily, but I don't have the extra time everyday to deal with my hair. My experience is neutral. I was sent this Extraordinary Clay line from Influenster and Loreal complimentary for testing purposes. My reviews are my own personal opinions based on using the entire line in full multiple times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Before I start my review, I would like to disclose that I received this product for free in a VoxBox but all opinions are my own! The conditioner is okay. I find that it can make my hair look a bit heavy and oily. I mainly use it on my ends since my roots are so oily. I'm not the biggest fan of this product but it's definitely not the worst product I've tried before. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just like the shampoo, it was ok but nothing special. I'm going to finish the bottle, but I wouldn't get the conditioner again, maybe just the mask and shampoo. I received this product for free from Influenster, but opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using the Extraordinary Clay Mask and Shampoo my hair definitely needed some love on the ends! Used it like it said and it for sure helped! Wouldn't say you need this conditioner though after the two steps. I think any conditioner would do the job! Would probably even recommend a deep conditioner for the ends of the hair after using the mask and shampoo. Definitely wouldn't say this product is needed. But like I said in my other reviews, if you're buying the Extraordinary Clay Mask I highly recommend you also get the Extraordinary Clay Shampoo. The two together are amazing. *I received these products complimentary to test and review. ALL opinions are my own.* This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Conditioners are my absolute favorite product. Maybe my ends are in better shape than I thought but this product left them feeling weighed down and greasy looking. I received this product for free in exchange for my opinions. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner is surprisingly nice for one without silicones. I love the scent! I received these products free/complimentary for testing purpose. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try this line, as it is intend d for my exact hair type-- oily roots and dry ends. However, this conditioner was not hydrating enough for me. I have color-treated hair, and my strands were left feeling a bit too dry atvtge ends after using this. Additionally, my hair was just as oily as usual, upon inspection 24 hours later.This conditioner was ok, but nothing special for me I would not repurchase. I received this for free fromInfluenster for testing and review. All opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product for free from Influenster and love the clay hair mask and shampoo, but am quite unsure of my feelings towards this conditioner. It has a different consistency in comparison to other conditioners this one is runny whereas conditioners are typically a little thicker. I enjoyed this product because I use the entire system when I wash my hair, but I'm not sure if I see a difference with my oily scalp due to this conditioner. It's great for detangling though! After I wash the clay mask out of my hair and shampoo, I squeeze a dime sized amount of conditioner and apply it to my hair by running my hands from the crown of my scalp down to the ends. Then I kind of use my fingers to comb it through so it mainly detangles rather than touches my roots. I will continue to use it though with this system and test to see if it really makes a difference because my leave in conditioner does the same. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the Extraordinary Clay Shampoo and hair mask.They work well for my oily roots. The conditioner did a great job detangling my hair and leaving a clean and fresh scent. However, this conditioner fell short on moisturizing my ends. My ends typically are drier than the rest of my hair and need extra moisture. Decent conditioner, but if you need extra moisture try something different. I received this product for free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was super excited about using this line of mask, shampoo and conditioner because of the things it promised. The conditioner was definitely my favorite product from this line. It smells amazing and definitely moisturizes. Left my hair tangle free! I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The smell wasn't amazing, but not stinky. The texture was pretty watery but got the job done. It Definitely hydrated my dull ends. I received this as a free sample in exchange for my honest review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product from influenster for testing and review purposes. This product was marketed to target dry ends, but perhaps my hair is just too damaged from bleaching and years of straightening treatment, it didn't leave my hair feeling as smooth as I wanted to. Also, I'd like to add that my hair isn't the EXTREMELY oily type, so perhaps it was wrongly used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While I did receive this product free as part of an Influenster campaign... all thoughts and opinions are of my own. Now it could just be pregnancy hormones... but the smell was almost too much for me. Clay has a very earthy smell, obviously, but the other scents used just aren't very complimentary. You want to wash your hair FAST! Now while I wanted to love it... i just can't bring myself to say its AMAZING...the shampoo, left my hair rather dry. but i can't use the conditioner on my scalp because its like a grease ball!!! Yes i washed/rinsed it all out... again. this all could just be pregnancy hormones... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got this as a complimentary sample in the mail to test out. It smells amazing, I've been using it for about a month now though and I can't notice a difference, I feel like my roots are still oily. I really like the concept but I just don't think this is for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this item comp from influenster, but my opinion is completely my own. The conditioner was my favorite out of the set. It left my hair decently soft. One thing I did not like is the fact that the product advertises the use of three different clays but doesn't name them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner did a decent job. It did not help make my hair super shiny, but it did help make it soft. However, I was not fond of the smell, which was super artificial smelling in my opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product to sample to give a review. The conditioner was very helpful in de tangling my very thick hair! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free from Influenster for review purposes. I was very excited to try this product as it is a very interesting concept. However, I don't feel like this is good for an every day shampoo. The process of applying this product to the roots takes forever and I honestly couldn't tell a huge difference once completing all of the steps. The conditioner itself smelled great and was easy to work through my tangled mess of hair. I liked the idea behind it and will continue to use, but not sure if I will repurchase. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It did not stop my hair from getting oily as this is one of the features the product claims to have. However, my hair did feel good afterwards. Nothing spectacular, but definitely not bad. I got this for free for testing purposes. This is, however, an unbiased review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this complimentary of influenster. The conditioner is okay but I prefer a heavy conditioner with super hydration. This did okay. I feel my hair still was a smidge knotted. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner didn't do anything that I'm not already getting from my current hair conditioner. I did receive this product free to review from Influenster, and was super stoked that it was geared towards oily roots and dry ends (which is the epitome of my hair!) however, I just didn't find this to do anything amazing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I usually wash my hair every 3 days and condition it every 2. This conditioner smelled great and my hair felt nice after but not as soft as I expected or as Loreals other conditioners have worked. Still a decent product but i'do probably stick with the shampoo and buy a different conditioner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this conditioner could be more moisturizing since it is paired with such a strong shampoo and pretreatment that leaves no oil behind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I recieved this conditioner from Influenster and L'Oreal for testing purposes and to provide my honest review. I have permed hair so the majority of my hair is on the dry side, I have about four inches around the root area where the perm has grown out. That being said, this conditioner didn't help moisturize my permed hair. I feel like it left my hair feeling dry. But remember, my hair is permed. I would recommend this conditioner to others that don't have permed hair because it could be great for them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wanted to like this line. The smell is really nice (though artificial). I don't really think it rinsed out super well though, especially the longer I used the products. For the first few times of using it, my hair felt cleansed and soft after also using the clay mask and the shampoo. But that faded a bit after a couple weeks. I'm a stickler for leaving out unnecessary chemicals and colorings, and these products are filled with them. I'm sure the blue coloring is to try and emulate the clay they claim to use (wish they would point out the clay(s) in the ingredients), but I would much rather them leave out the blue whatever. And the sulfates. But I know many people don't care about those things, and that's ok. If you don't then I recommend trying this line if you have oily skin. Though be aware I think it's because there's salicylic acid (like what's in many acne treatments to dry out your pimples). I tend to have a reaction to it after some time. I noticed my skin started to itch more the longer I used this line I have sensitive skin which is why I avoid the chemicals. I received this product complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a pixie cut right now I don't usually use conditioner. However, I decided to give this one a try because I like shampoo and clay mask that go with it. It's great for a conditioner and doesn't make my hair feel oily immediately like most conditioner does. I wasn't scared to use it on my roots. It's great for fine hair also--it helps gives extra body! I received this item for free in exchange for my honest review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The conditioner weigh down the hair if apply on roots. However, it works amazing on the ends. I received this product as a free sample for testing purposes. However the review is based on my honest opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product for free from Influenster to review. The smell of the product was good, I love the packaging as well. I loved that i didnt jave difficulty washing this conditioner out of my hair, my hair did look, smell, and feel clean. The product did not make my hair stay cleaner for a longer period of time. My hair is really thick and curly, I already have dry scalps so this product wasn't the best for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Got this item as a compliment from influenster but it really made my hair smooth and shining after the usage. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product complementary and it did not seem to work like the other two products did. I was definitely hoping to replace some of the moisture lost during the mask portion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. I took the 48 hour challenge and unfortunately i did not see any beneficial change in my hair. By the end of the challenge I looked like a greaseball. You get a great amount of product and it's very expensive. I think this product is great for somebody with less oily roots and I have the remainder of the product to my friend who has dry hair. It does smell great and feels good in my hair. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This was a good conditioner. I didn't see anything different. Just like any other conditioner. I received this as a gift, all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried this conditioner with hopes of hydrated ends and roots that are soft and manageable. I love the scent of this conditioner. I think that it goes on smooth and washes well without leaving any residue. I didn't like it as much as I thought I would because I noticed that it had sulfates which is an ingredient I tend to avoid for my hair care. I also noticed that when I rinsed out the conditioner, my hair wasn't as hydrated as I had hoped. Since my ends are so dry, I can immediately tell if a product will help or not. Although it wasn't a terrible conditioner, it wouldn't be my first choice to use for my wash and hair care routine. I received this product for free for testing purposes from Influenster. I stated my true and honest opinion on this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This in combination with the shampoo will make your hair smell amazing. im picky with conditioners because a lot of them weigh my thin hair down. So I tend to not use conditioner as much to avoid product build up. But I feel like this conditioner washes away well and still does it's job. I received this product for free for reviewing purposes. But al opinions are my own This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free for testing purposes courtesy of influenster. The conditioner does a decent job in smoothing my hair and detsngling my knots. However, compared to some other brands I use it doesn't condition my hair as well. I would still reccomend it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been a big fan of clay in my beauty products for years. Clay is excellent for soaking up excess oils - whether it's on your face or hair - so I was really excited to try this new line hoping to see results. My hair is really long, thick, oily at the roots, and very damaged at the ends. I find this conditioner to be just okay. Pro: Affordable price + it doesn't weigh down my hair at all. Con: It could be more moisturizing. Disclaimer: I was sent products from the Extraordinary Clay line for testing purposes but all opinions are from my own experiences. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As someone with oily hair I don't condition often because it would make my hair issues worse, but this conditioner didn't do a terrible job, it just wasn't as effective as the shampoo and mask in my opinion. It didn't do anything that I noticed to set it apart from any other conditioner. I would buy again though! Disclaimer I did receive these products free for reviewing from Influenster but all my opinions are my own! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this for a month and well I like the mask and shampoo for the extraordinary clay but the conditioner is average. I think it has a nice smell and it has a thick texture but it doesn't do much to moisturize my hair or help soften it to be easier to detangle like other conditioners I've tried. I think it's okay but I'm not sure it works for my hair. Disclaimer* I received this product for free from influenster and L'Oral Hair for testing purposes but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product for testing purposes. Although I did enjoy this conditioner, I really didn't feel that it cleaned my hair as well as the mask and shampoo did. I thought that my ends felt a little greasy more quickly while my roots weren't oily as quickly (thanks to the mask and shampoo). It's not a bad product by any means but just didn't work as well for my oily hair! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The conditioner is okay to me and this is pretty much how I feel about all conditioners. I'm just not a conditioner girl. I get buildup in my hair very easily and I feel like despite what this conditioner claims to do, it still gave me much build-up. I will continue to use the shampoo and pre-shampoo mask but not likely the conditioner. Despite my experience, I would recommend others try this because they may have more experience with conditioners. **I received this in exchange for my review.** This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wasn't impressed with this product because of its lack of hydrating ability. I was expecting more hydration after the oil-absorbing shampoo and mask. Great fragrance but average effectiveness. Note that I did receive this product free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner is nourishing however it's not so amazing that I would purchase this after I finished the first bottle. It does not weigh down my hair but isn't particularly conditioning. I received this product for free for testing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My hair gets oily at the roots and dry at the ends, so when this product came out I was excited to give it a try to see if it would resolve my problems. I put the conditioner on after already using the mask and Shampoo from the Extraordinary Clay line. I only apply conditioner to the ends, but I leave it on for 3-7 minutes each time. It washes out easily and I could feel my ends being more silky. However, once my hair air dried, the ends still look dull and dry, but was soft to touch. I found that it was not nourishing enough. As far as being able to go days without washing, that was true. I will continue to use the conditioner to see if over time the look is as good as the touch. **I received this product free for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free for testing purposes and all opinions are my own. The conditioner is actually not bad. I didnt like the drying mask or the super drying shampoo, but this conditioner definitely does its job. Smells nice too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I felt like I got some great hydration from this product, but it did not feel much less greasy 48 hours later. I received this product in exchange for my honest review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this made my hair more oily although it said it was supposed to hydrate just the ends. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product free from Influenster and I love the pre shampoo mask and the shampoo but not a big fan of the conditioner. I wasn't very hydrating and my ends r dry like 12 hours or less after I washed it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this product for a month straight before reviewing it and I'm not really all that impressed. My hair still gets pretty oily, my ends are still dry.... I mean it cleaned my hair I guess. It's nothing spectacular really. It didn't make my hair extremely soft but it didn't make my hair feel weird or heavy either. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I didn't mind using the clay mask but he shampoo seems to dry my hair out a little too much. I have a combination of oily and dry hair so this product is not for me. I received this product for testing purposes compliments of Influenster. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this conditioner free in exchange for an honest review. After the 3 step process (clay, shampoo, conditioner), Im not terribly impressed. Ive noticed no real difference in my hair. The conditioner smells ok and is priced well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received a free sample of this product for review purposes. It left the ends of my hair feeling like straw, and did NOT detangle well at all. It probably works well for some, but definitely not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product complimentary for testing purposes, all opinions are my own. I've been using this product for a few weeks now. I try not to wash my hair too often as I want to keep it healthy. It does get oily at the scalp but is fairly dry at the ends so I thought this set would be perfect for me. My hair still gets a bit oily on day 2, so I didn't see it make a huge difference with that. But, this product feels and smells nice and I'd like to see someone with more oily hair test it out to see how it would work. It may be better for them. I'll be sticking with my previous hair care routine moving forward. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product complimentary of Influenster for testing purposes. But the opinions are my own. I really enjoyed this and the clay mask and shampoo but the conditioner didn't condition my hair at all and still left it feeling dry after the mask and shampoo This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product complimentary for testing purposes, all opinions are my own. I was anxious to try this product as oily hair has been an issue for me for as long as I can remember. I used the entire sample, every other dayfor four weeks. I used this in combo with the shampoo EOD and the clay mask once weekly. The smell kind of gave me a headache. It would be useful to prepare for a weekend away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product for free for reviewing purposes. I love the smell of this product, I didn't think the conditioner did anything extraordinary. To me it preformed about average and didn't really hydrate my ends as well as I expected. With that said I still think the product works well for what it costs but does nothing for oily roots and dry ends This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this conditioner for free in exchange for my honest review. I think that this conditioner works fine. It is not anything special and does what it is supposed to do. However I would not say that it keeps my hair feeling soft for 48 hours. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Using this conditioner has made my hair soft for a few days but very frizzy and then my hair goes from soft to brittle before I can get around to washing it again. I will likely mix and match with different products that I normally use in my routine to see if this is something I could add to my routine. I received this for free from Influenster to give an honest opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really excited for this line because my hair gets so oily!! I loved the pre-shampoo mask. I felt like it actually did it's job and made my hair less oily for a longer period of time. I wasn't a huge fan of the shampoo and conditioner however. I felt like the conditioner didn't really untangle my hair at all. I had to use so much to make my hair tangle free and it made my hair more oily! The shampoo was okay. The product actually made my hair really shinny. Overall, the packaging was really sleek and it smelled good! *I received this product free from Influenster for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product from Influenster. I absolutely love the whole system together, it made my hair oil-free for 48 hours. But I expected the conditioner to do more for the dryness at the ends of my hair like advertised. I didn't really notice much of a different in dryness before and after I used it. But overall, I still would probably purchase the system again because of how amazing it worked to get rid of my oily roots. *I received this product compliments of Influenster, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this product for a month straight before reviewing it and I'm not really all that impressed. My hair still gets pretty oily, my ends are still dry.... I mean it cleaned my hair I guess. It's nothing spectacular really. It didn't make my hair extremely soft but it didn't make my hair feel weird or heavy either. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product complementary and it did not seem to work like the other two products did. I was definitely hoping to replace some of the moisture lost during the mask portion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Got this item as a compliment from influenster but it really made my hair smooth and shining after the usage. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am not in love with the conditioner. The clay mask and shampoo are GREAT but I didn't feel like this did anything for my ends. I would buy the other two, but not this, probably because I have fine hair and my ends need deep conditioning. Smells great though! I got this product free for testing and review purposes but the opinions are entirely my own. ExtraordinaryClay, LorealHair contest, ad, spon, sweepstakes influenster This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner didn't wow me as much as the mask and shampoo of the line did. The conditioner wasn't of a very thick consistency, which I prefer for conditioner. It also didn't seem to make my hair feel particularly moisturized. I received this complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
excellent product and price
I find to get the full results I have to leave the mixture on my hair for 10 -15 minutes.
I find the blonde is a little too yellow. I have had people tell me that my hair looks yellow. And there is no other shade in between sandy blonde and light brown. Since I was always fair, light brown really isn't an option I want.
The package is easy to use. However, after you wash your hair for about one month, the color seems fading a lot. When you use the shampoo specially made for hair dye hair, it still fades after one month.
But I have been using product for a couple of months now and noticed it does not cover grey as much any more and does not last as long as it did the first couple of times.
Good product but does not last as long as advertised. Poor coverage for hair at sideburns and product teatment lasts only about 3 weeks
Natural
My husband used the Jet Black Just For Men. While it did not take out all of the grey, it took out enough to make a noticeable difference. It's as easy as shampooing your hair since you only leave it on for 5 minutes, we'd recommend doing it all in the shower. We tried it outside the shower it dripped a little on the bathroom floor. Since we didn't notice it until it had dried up, it cause quite some bit of staining, Doing this in the shower would allow any castoff dye to be washed away immediately. Overall, the dye application was easy the results were better than expected, As a black american with extremely coarse hair, I think that is the main reason why the color didn't take completely on his head. Would recommended this product to all of the men there that wanted to wash their gray away. The box says that it might last up to 6 weeks, but after just a few weeks, we're noticing that the gray is showing up enough to do a reapplication. And since my husband's beard has more gray than his head, I would recommend using the Jet For Men Beard at the same time. We didn't because my husband's face is extremely sensitive.
You should be offering coupons or free product for your reviewers.... Anyway, Just For Men medium color works just fine but requires the user to try a few boxes to get the exact application time down. Targets just the grey hair Not true. The chemical doesn't know which hairs are which color. Leave it on your hair too long and all your hair will be darker. The user should buy a box, pick a time to leave the solution in (like 6 minutes for example) and then rinse it out and check the result. The next time, you will know if you should leave the solution in longer or shorter. You'll also need to keep the number of days between treatments the same for reliable results. It would be nice if the product was a gel. Rinsing the liquid stain off in the shower can result in stains on the walls or ceiling.
I am using Just For Men for the last 10 years. I did not have any problem until they started the new non-drip formula recently. First of all the gloves they supply are the cheapest in the market. The gloves should be sticking very close to the fingers so it is easy to apply the color. Secondly the color becomes so thick after mixing that it is very hard to apply. I can't beleive no one tested the new formula before they put into the market. I am sorry to say that if the new formula and gloves are not improved I have to switch to another brand.
It would be more advantageous for the product to be applied as a touch up, especially for the stubborn hair around the ears, sideburns and sides. The shampoo doesn't cover these areas very well and it is only good for one application. Please develop a product that guys can use every 2-3 weeks to touch-up the sides. Thanks!!
My son likes this type of music and I was more than happy to buy this CD for him.
THe reviews are good however I felt this deodorant was Just okay. I had been using Avon deodorants but were not working for me. Once I finish Mitchum I will keep looking for the right one for me
It makes me look younger. However, I would be happier if it lasted a bit longer and that it covered the white/grey hair in my beard a little better. Mustache comes out perfect.
Not sure why, but I no longer get the same coverage and longevity from an application of the beard and moustache colour.
works fast and covers grey well but the color doesn't last more than 2 to 3 days.
product stains the skin and has to stay longer than recommended to cover all grey
I have found the product to be good at times and then uneven at other times.
This product is easy to apply but color seems to fade too quickly.
I received this product complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster along with the shampoo for free. All my opinions are my own. At first, I was very impressed and enjoyed how soft it made my hair feel. After continuing to use it for almost two weeks, I noticed my hair drying if I didn't condition it on the daily. That was the only negative thing I discovered after using this product.
I got this a part of a free sampling program. The shampoo left my hair silky, but weighed down on it's own. So I didn't need the conditioner. I could be helpful for someone with thicker hair, though. Mine is very fine and straight, and I didn't want it to look greasy.
This is a good conditioner but if you have normal hair by the next day your hair is gonna be very greasy. If you gave dry hair this is great for u. Overall a good product but for the price can probably do better. I recieved this product free for testing purposes but all opinions are my own.
I received this product to test out for free. It left my roots feeling greasy but I don't normally use conditioner on my roots only my ends. It had a great scent to it which I loved. But I still only use it on the ends. Which defeats the purpose of thisb type of conditioner
The conditioner works well as a conditioner. It makes my hair shiny and light and pretty, and it's the most success I've had with a conditioner (my hair is prone to greasiness). The anti dandruff aspect works for the itchiness, but my dandruff is still very much existent. Unfortunately, I will not recommend this product for anti dandruff purposes, but just as a good conditioner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the conditioner smelled different then the shampoo and did match well with the shampoo. My hair did ok with it, but I feel regular head and shoulders works best.
I was very skeptical of a dandruff-fighting conditioner because I generally don't put conditioner on my scalp, since it tends to weigh down my hair and make it feel greasy. I decided to give this a shot along with the matching almond-oil scented Head Shoulders shampoo. My hair felt very soft after using it, but I'm not sure how effective it was at treating dandruff. I have noticed a definite improvement but I'm not sure if this is due to the shampoo, the conditioner or both. I would need to try these out separately to tell. My main complaint would be that this product needs to be applied to the scalp to be beneficial, but when I did this, it made my hair feel heavy and oily as I had suspected. Overall, the conditioner works well but I would recommend just sticking to the Head Shoulders shampoo if you're looking for dandruff relief. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'v suffered from dandruff for years and tried everything and nothing seemed to work. I used Head Shoulders in the past but didn't like it. It left my hair dry, frizzy and did nothing for the dandruff. So I'm going to give this new line of Head Shoulders with almond oil a try. Hoping this time it works. Let me know if you tried it already and how it worked for you. I like the new design of the product bottles and the shape makes it easy to hold. The conditioner smells good, it's thick but easy to wash out. With the almond oil,it doesn't leave your hair oily but it leaves it soft and shiny. It really didn't moisturizes my scalp like I thought it would. It made my scalp itch a little. But it helped a little with my dandruff as I didn't see a lot of flakiness as before. I'm going to keep using it to get full results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster along with the shampoo. At first, I was very impressed and enjoyed how soft it made my hair feel. After continuing to use it for almost two weeks, I noticed my hair drying if I didn't condition it on the daily. That was the only negative thing I discovered after using this product.
I received this product for free for my honest review. It worked fine as a conditioner, but I didn't see any added benefit scalp benefit. Maybe I was using it wrong but because I already have oily roots it weighed down my roots. Normally I only apply conditioner to my ends and partially up the shaft, but I applied this all over to get the scalp benefits.
This conditioner smells great! Pretty sure that is the almond oils effect. It is great at moisturizing the scalp. For the rest of the day I had no itching feeling. As a conditioner it was not great. It does a great job of moisturizing the scalp but not so much your actual hair and is not a great detangler. However it does its job and I will continue using it.
the almond oil smells great, but the conditioner is pretty heavy and leaves my hair (fine) a little too greasy after a day. Disclaimer: I received this product free for testing, but all opinions are my own.
This product was sent to me by Influenster but all opinions are my own. This conditioner left my hair soft and silky but not flake free.
I love the smell and thickness of the product. It detangles my hair a little but not enough to my liking.
I received this product complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster for free along with the shampoo. All my opinions are my own. At first, I was very impressed and enjoyed how soft it made my hair feel. After continuing to use it for almost two weeks, I noticed my hair drying if I didn't condition it on the daily. That was the only negative thing I discovered after using this product.
This smells great, while it doesn't add moisture to your hair it does moisturize better than not using anything. I don't have a bad dry scalp issue so I may change my review if that occurs. I was given this product to test by influencer for my honest opinion.
Conditioner isn't something I can use on my hair as it makes it extremely oily. While it may not have worked on my hair, it's worked on other hair types that I've seen. I received this Head Shoulders product for free in exchange for an honest review.
I received this product for free, but my opinions are my own. I only used it once the smell is so overpowering I would not purchase it in the future. Outside of that, the conditioning formula is very nice.
I have used head and shoulders before, however I've not ever used this specific dry scalp care iteration. I've dealt with an itchy head for as long as I can remember. My head itches a lot, AND it gets pretty flaky. I've tried a lot of things. I have used this shampoo and conditioner every day that I've showered (almost every day) for the last full week. I feel like after a week my scalp is slightly less itchy, but I'm not sure that the conditioner has anything to do with it, since i don't apply conditioner to my scalp. I do like how my hair feels- it feel soft and doesn't tangle that much throughout the whole day, which is nice. I do feel like my hair looks duller, however. If you're looking for any relief this may help, but for me it's not enough of a relief to be worth the stringy, dull looking hair. I received this shampoo and the corresponding conditioner for free to test, but all opinions are your own.
First off the scent of this is very sweet and reminded me off marzipan or candy. It was definitely something I didn't expect and was not to my liking. Secondly, the shampoo and conditioner items need to be used together as a system for 2 weeks in order to see improvement. I know this review is for the conditioner but after two weeks of using both my scalp was a bit less itchy but not much of a difference. The conditioner does leave your hair silky but I found it would get my hair more oily. Overall I wasn't really impressed. I like head and shoulders but this item was just not up too my expectations. I did receive these complimentary for testing purposes but my opinions are my own.
Like the shampoo, this conditioner smells great and leaves my hair super soft without weighing it down. It doesn't seem to rinse out completely, so if that bothers you, you may not like this. However, also just like the shampoo, this hasn't done anything to alleviate symptoms of my mild dandruff. I received this product in exchange for my own honest review.
I liked the smell, and it does well to control flakes on the scalp. But I didn't love the lather, and it left a dullness on my hair after the wash. I gave it to my husband and he loved it so we had a bit of mixed reviews in my household. But overall it was good. I got a free sample in exchange for my honest review from Influenster.
The product is meant to help with dry scalp, which I would appreciate more if I had dry scalp right now. I don't, so I can't say much about what it does in that aspect. That aside, it's a decent conditioner. It smells pleasant, and my hair did feel very soft after use. I tested Head Shoulders for free, but all opinions are my own.
I used the conditioner in conjuction w the shampoo while it had no smell which is fine it took a little more than normal to get it through my hair. I have naturally curly thick hair however normal hair this product is awesome it's nor heavy and for my thick hair I had few snags. I tested head and shoulders for free this opinion is my own thanks!
I received this product for free from influenster for reviewing purposesome but the opinions are all my own. If you have dry hair and are looking for a product that not only will deep condition your hair but also relieve itching and irritation then this product is for you. However, if you are prone to having greasy hair then beware. This product smells great and greatly relieved my dandruff but it also left my hair extremely greasy in the process. Overall the product works but the amount of oil it adds the my hair just doesn't work for me.
I got this a part of a free sampling program. The shampoo left my hair silky, but weighed down on it's own. So I didn't need the conditioner. I could be helpful for someone with thicker hair, though. Mine is very fine and straight, and I didn't want it to look greasy.
The conditioner works well as a conditioner. It makes my hair shiny and light and pretty, and it's the most success I've had with a conditioner (my hair is prone to greasiness). The anti dandruff aspect works for the itchiness, but my dandruff is still very much existent. Unfortunately, I will not recommend this product for anti dandruff purposes, but just as a good conditioner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very skeptical of a dandruff-fighting conditioner because I generally don't put conditioner on my scalp, since it tends to weigh down my hair and make it feel greasy. I decided to give this a shot along with the matching almond-oil scented Head Shoulders shampoo. My hair felt very soft after using it, but I'm not sure how effective it was at treating dandruff. I have noticed a definite improvement but I'm not sure if this is due to the shampoo, the conditioner or both. I would need to try these out separately to tell. My main complaint would be that this product needs to be applied to the scalp to be beneficial, but when I did this, it made my hair feel heavy and oily as I had suspected. Overall, the conditioner works well but I would recommend just sticking to the Head Shoulders shampoo if you're looking for dandruff relief. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'v suffered from dandruff for years and tried everything and nothing seemed to work. I used Head Shoulders in the past but didn't like it. It left my hair dry, frizzy and did nothing for the dandruff. So I'm going to give this new line of Head Shoulders with almond oil a try. Hoping this time it works. Let me know if you tried it already and how it worked for you. I like the new design of the product bottles and the shape makes it easy to hold. The conditioner smells good, it's thick but easy to wash out. With the almond oil,it doesn't leave your hair oily but it leaves it soft and shiny. It really didn't moisturizes my scalp like I thought it would. It made my scalp itch a little. But it helped a little with my dandruff as I didn't see a lot of flakiness as before. I'm going to keep using it to get full results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This smells great, while it doesn't add moisture to your hair it does moisturize better than not using anything. I don't have a bad dry scalp issue so I may change my review if that occurs. I was given this product to test by influencer for my honest opinion.
I usually love Head and Shoulders products. However this product did not have a great smell and made my hair very hard to brush after getting out of the shower. I would not purchase this product. I receive this product for free to try and review with my honest opinion
I received this product to review. It is a decent conditioner. It smells nice. It worked well for my thick and curly hair. It's not expensive. I can't speak to how much it will help the scalp or any dandruff issues because I do not apply conditioner to my scalp or near my roots.
I liked the smell and it did control flakes, but it left my hair duller than I like. My husband also used it and really liked it, so based on that I would recommend. I received a sample of this product in exchange for my honest review.
The product is meant to help with dry scalp, which I would appreciate more if I had dry scalp right now. I don't, so I can't say much about what it does in that aspect. That aside, it's a decent conditioner. It smells pleasant, and my hair did feel very soft after use. I tested Head Shoulders for free, but all opinions are my own.
I usually look for a really thick, moisturizing conditioner for my super dry hair, so I wasn't holing out much hope that this would work for me at all, but it actually did a decent job at moisturizing my hair. I like how soft my hair was after using this product. I chose it for the dry scalp claims that it made. Although my scalp wasn't dry after using it, this product does claim to help with itching. I didn't find that it stopped the itchiness as well as other products I've tried, but I also don't wash my hair every day, since that tends to dry it out more. If you are interested in trying this product, I would suggest giving it a try, but use it daily for the best results. *I tested Head
First off the scent of this is very sweet and reminded me off marzipan or candy. It was definitely something I didn't expect and was not to my liking. Secondly, the shampoo and conditioner items need to be used together as a system for 2 weeks in order to see improvement. I know this review is for the conditioner but after two weeks of using both my scalp was a bit less itchy but not much of a difference. Overall I wasn't really impressed. I like head and shoulders but this item was just not up too my expectations. I did receive these complimentary for testing purposes but my opinions are my own.
The almond oil smells great! but the conditioner is pretty heavy and leaves my hair (fine) a little too greasy after a day. I can usually go washing my hair every other day, but find myself having to do it everyday after using this product.
I think the conditioner smelled different then the shampoo and did match well with the shampoo. My hair did ok with it, but I feel regular head and shoulders works best.
The smell of this product is great and lasts all day, but the downside is that it's not a great conditioner. It's much too light to really penetrate the hair. This conditioner does detangle well, but it doesn't leave hair very soft and is not suitable for deep conditioning. Not bad for day-to-day use. Disclaimer: This product was received free for testing and reviewing purposes. All opinions in this review are my own.
I have used head and shoulders before, however I've not ever used this specific dry scalp care iteration. I've dealt with an itchy head for as long as I can remember. My head itches a lot, AND it gets pretty flaky. I've tried a lot of things. I have used this shampoo and conditioner every day that I've showered (almost every day) for the last full week. I feel like after a week my scalp is slightly less itchy, but I'm not sure that the conditioner has anything to do with it, since i don't apply conditioner to my scalp. I do like how my hair feels- it feel soft and doesn't tangle that much throughout the whole day, which is nice. I do feel like my hair looks duller, however. If you're looking for any relief this may help, but for me it's not enough of a relief to be worth the stringy, dull looking hair. I received this shampoo and the corresponding conditioner for free to test, but all opinions are your own.
I received this product for free for my honest review. It worked fine as a conditioner, but I didn't see any added benefit scalp benefit. Maybe I was using it wrong but because I already have oily roots it weighed down my roots. Normally I only apply conditioner to my ends and partially up the shaft, but I applied this all over to get the scalp benefits.
I got this product free to test as a part of an influenster voxbox and these opinions are my own. Overall I loved the smell of this conditioner and it detangled my hair very well. It left my hair with a residue that was a little heavier than I would've liked. Overall not bad.
I received this product complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster along with the shampoo. At first, I was very impressed and enjoyed how soft it made my hair feel. After continuing to use it for almost two weeks, I noticed my hair drying if I didn't condition it on the daily. That was the only negative thing I discovered after using this product.
I received this product for free from influenster for reviewing purposesome but the opinions are all my own. If you have dry hair and are looking for a product that not only will deep condition your hair but also relieve itching and irritation then this product is for you. However, if you are prone to having greasy hair then beware. This product smells great and greatly relieved my dandruff but it also left my hair extremely greasy in the process. Overall the product works but the amount of oil it adds the my hair just doesn't work for me.
I tried this product. It wasn't bad. Had I not received this product for free to test out I probably wouldn't have ever bought it. But it really does smell amazing g and it leaves the ends of my hair soft. It left the roots too greasy for me but I normally don't use a conditioner on my roots only the ends. For those that use this type of product regularly I am sure they would love it if I used a conditioner all over my hair too I would have loved it too but I only use it for my ends thusly defeating the purpose of this type of shampoo. I did receive this product for free with the promise I would write an honest review.
I used this for about a week before my hair appt, and I just didn't fall in love. My scalp is sometimes beyond help, so I think that my standard has been raised to something that isn't real. This gave me some relief and it also did what a conditioner is supposed to do. One thing I did not love was the almond smell. It just wasn't my thing, and I like the smell of traditional dandruff products better. I did receive this product for free but all of these opinions are my own.
This is a good conditioner but if you have normal hair by the next day your hair is gonna be very greasy. If you gave dry hair this is great for u. Overall a good product but for the price can probably do better. I recieved this product free for testing purposes but all opinions are my own.
This conditioner smells great! Pretty sure that is the almond oils effect. It is great at moisturizing the scalp. For the rest of the day I had no itching feeling. As a conditioner it was not great. It does a great job of moisturizing the scalp but not so much your actual hair and is not a great detangler. However it does its job and I will continue using it.
I thought this shampoo was okay. It usually leaves my hair a bit greasy
This product is a decent one, but not as stellar as the classic clean. I've been a once a week classic clean user for the past ten years or so and find that this falls short. I dislike the almond oil smell and felt that it smelled too chemically. It also made my hair extremely oily and fall flat. My hair isn't exactly thin either... Disclaimer: I was given this product for free but opinions are my own.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III is a 1993 American action comedy film based on the comic book characters the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. It is the second sequel to the 1990 live-action Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles film. This film has the turtles going back in time to rescue April while battling a warlord from terrorizing people
Although i havent watched this my son seems to enjoy it
I'm a turtles fan from the 80's, starting with the original Mirage comic book. All 3 of these movies are enjoyable, though none of the sequels come close to the first movie. These movies are super cheap on Blu-ray and are recommended for any turtles fan or up-and-coming fans (like my little boys).
The movie is an older movie that is poorly acted, but enjoyed it on blue-ray.
It's pretty much a Left4Dead clone set in the Warhammer universe. This isn't a bad thing, but it's not executed as well as Left4Dead. The item upgrade system is a little confusing and lackluster.
Gameplay is simular to left for dead on xbox360. It is 4 players against the world.
glad this was a low price. not what i expected....
When it comes to music videos one man who had a strong influence on them was Michael Jackson. There were considered promotional tools (and that's kind of what they are) but Michael changed the way the world looked at them and HIS videos are some of the most memorable ones. Who can forget a young MJ in the red jacket he wore for Thriller Possibly the most iconic music video there is. Or how about Michael dancing along criminals in Smooth Criminal And that lean How about that Black or White video when... I think you get it by now Michael's influence was not only felt on music itself but also on music videos. It's hard not to think of Michael without remembering one his classic short film.It's great that Michel Jackson's Vision, a DVD collection containing each music video (or short films as Michael liked to call them) made by the king of pop was released. The packaging itself is very nice (I love the 60+ pages booklet and the gold box looks very good) and the idea of having all of Michael's music videos in one place for the fans who want to own them on DVD (some are just fine with YouTube and don't feel the need to pay for this release) is a no-brainer.Visions sounds like a great release and something that fans would be interested in owning, however, the video format is a big issue. Watching them, many of the videos have a black box surrounding them ruins the experience a little I have to say. I wish Sony would have done something about this because it ruins it for many fans and is unfair to them. I won't say more because other reviewers have done so here and gave good descriptions. I also don't quite understand why Visions is not available on Blue-Ray, to me it's not a big deal but I know there are plenty of fans who would have preferred/wanted this on BR (it's Sony who releases this but it's not available on BR).One of the most unfortunate thing is that the version of Ghost here is the 5 minutes edit and not the full version it would have been nice to have it here in its entirety and it would've made sense since it's hard to get hold of (there will probably be a future release) and there was enough space. It would also have been best if the original Blood On The Dance Floor was included instead of the mediocre remix. On the other hand it's certainly nice to have the bonus disc with the prison edit of They Don't Care About Us, the unreleased videos for One More Chance, Say Say Say with Paul McCartney and more along some classic video with Michael's brothers (then known as The Jacksons). Getting unreleased content is always a bonus and it's the case here as well, I think it's good to finally have some of this stuff released, yes there was room for more but this is strictly a collection of MJ's videos. Some of the videos look better than ever whereas others look as if you're watching as VHS tape, for instance Billie Jean and The Way You Make Me Feel. Like other fans, I would have expected better quality from a DVD release but I'm glad to have them (and the video quality is still better than YouTube for me).While it's great to have all of MJ's videos in one place the format issue is simply too big to be ignored : 3/5 stars.
It's the best thing since bagged chips I couldn't be happier.
I love this stain remover, however this is the second time I've bought this product and had the sprayer not work. I am rural and plan my trips to town.. Very inconvenient and makes for a mess/ excessive use of the product!
I have had GREAT results with the stain remover in the past and the product still works great however the last 3 bottles I have purchased do not spray! I have to remove the lid and drop it on for spot remover. Uses more than needed and is super frustrating to buy a spray bottle that doesn't spray!
Been useing months no reason to change great product for active family.
Gets out stains but I wish it would spray out in a wider arc. It sprays out in a stream, then you have to spread it yourself.
It work on some of the hardest stains.I have no pic
Loved how fresh clothes feel when they are done drying
I don't know what has happened as of late, but the past two bottles of oxi clean that I've bought have not taken out the stains from the clothing like they used to. I used the same exact methods that I've always used and yet the stains have remained. Unfortunately a lot of my clothing is now ruined but due to a lack of funds I'm keeping with the clothing and reassuring myself that since they're from my kids, people won't be so judgmental of the stains.
I have really liked most of the L'Oreal 'Millionize' line. I know this isn't part of that, but thought it might be as good, just more plumping......wrong. Not bad, but nothing special, either.
works good but drys fast
I purchased this product because my friend recommended it to me, so I decided to buy this extra vol collagen and give it a try, but to my surprise when I opened the package I got a curved brush even though the packaging shows a straight brush and not a curved one. I hate curve brushes for the mascaras, it makes me so hard to do my make up. I don't know if I would buy it again, because I don't want to find out again that I got the wrong brush. If you like curved brushes you'll love it.
Its not so bad for a drug store mascara the price it is. It does lengthen my lashes but it doesn't give them a great lift. I had to reapply it at least several times to get my best results. It's not the best or worst mascara. I will be buying other ones just to try them out find one with few or no flaws.
I was really disappointed with this video..but with Denise Austin videos is ALWAYS hit or miss.. i was expecting there to be more time focused on working out with the dumbells but you uses them for about four minutes out of the entire fourty. It is mostly a cardio workout which is fine but it was not what i was looking for or expecting out of this video. If you are interested in a more BALANCED cardio/weight training video i would recommend her Boot Camp Total Body Blast..terrific dvd.
I like Kid Rock a lot so I couldn't wait to buy this CD. It was a disappointment, not as good as the others, too much swearing for me.
There are about 3 tracks on here that are worth buying.
Doesnt stay on my nails like I would hope. It was peeling off after 2 days.
This product creates a hard wrap around the nail that really prevents breaking, however I found that my chipping ends lifted the polish off while I worked (as a cashier). This product would work great for me if my only problem was weak nails but I dont recommend using this if you have chipping ends. I will be trying SHs Strengthening Gel.
I purchased the powerful acrylic gel. Was supposed to dry as hard as wraps. I have thin, soft, easily chipped nails hoped this would be a solution. With 2 coats my nails almost immediately chipped/ peeled as any other polish does. Disappointed!!
Effective but expensive should be packaged in smaller quantity for less since it doesn't last long
Well the product claims to be an acrylic gel, while I believe this it is very very thin. My real nails are damaged due to acrylic nails and very thin this product does not help my nails get stronger. It takes about 10 minutes for a thin coat to kinda dry. It takes a few hours for a thicker coat to dry. 99 of the time it gets a bunch of air bubbles in it even if you roll the bottle instead of shaking it. If you get a little bit on your skin around the sides of your nails don't let it dry as when you go to peel it off a bunch of skin comes with it. It's a okay product for nails. It did not help my nails grow. After 2 weeks of use my nails are still brittle
This stuff is THICK and bubbles with every coat I use. Every morning after my shower I have chips on the tips of my nails and have to refresh the coat. My nails normally are thin, flexible and peel easily especially if using polish remover. I'm trying to hydrate them 3x a day but this stuff isn't doing anything to help. I'm on day 5. I'm getting some polish thinner tonight (needed it anyway) and thinning it out. Tomorrow I'll take off the old and put on a fresh coat. We'll see if it makes a difference in the bubbles.
Positives: Runs on AAA and AA batteries which is a big plus over 9-volt. It has an alarm that is actually an alarm rather than a short beep. Easy to set-up and install. Problem: Has four alarm settings High, Medium, Low and Silent with visual alert. I have gone through three units and they all have same problem of alarm automatically reverting back to High when you set it on Medium or Low. Silent function works as intended. Technical Support sent me the only fix they have for this problem, but it does not correct the problem. The fact that they have a fix means they are aware of the problem, but have failed to correct it.
I sent this lantern back as soon as I saw it because it's extremely small. It's under 5 inches tall and maybe 2 to 3 inches in diameter. I was looking for a lantern about twice as tall. (The dimensions provided in the description lead you to believe that it's 9.5 inches tall but there is no such dimension.) This would likely become lost rather quickly in an environment with children/toddlers. I think it's ideal use would be for backpacking due to its compact size or maybe in an emergency kit.
this flavor of dark coffee is prefect for morning
Don't notice a huge difference maybe that's a good thing?!
Good family film with great special effects, and photography kept close to the original Disney animated feature film
Movie was ok, not as entertaining for the grandkids as the animated one.
Enjoyed this movie with the family! Nice to see they brought some justice to bringing this movie to live people.
I do not understand Disney's new obsession of remaking the studio's classic animated films into live action versions. CGI cannot compare to the thrill of animation.
Prefer cartoon or Jason Scott Lee version over this but it's still decent.
Movie had good special effects but the story line was below par. Best part of the movie was the bear.
Definitely more for kids, though adults will probably enjoy it. A little hysterically sweet for me.
I have enjoyed watching this movie. The effects are great!
I liked the movie, would have liked it better if it was in 3d
The movie was good I enjoyed it but I did not care for the actor that played mowgli
Good movie but would not watch again for at least six months
I can't fault the picture quality. The sharpness, color and detail are all very good. But, I was hoping for a remake of the original story. I'm guessing that this was closer to a "live" redo of the Disney animation of a few years ago. I didn't see it. The original story was much, much better. Let us hope someone will pickup the challenge an do a better job of telling the story.
if you like the original you'll like this, great cgi, story for kids
Bought some dvd movies. wish there were more selections
The movies CGI was very good for there only being a few actual actors and the story tho differs a bit from what animated movie is still good on its own the only thing that bugged me was king louies song but other than that all the characters were though out pretty well.
My children loved this movie. We show Friday night at the movies every Friday, and the kids thoroughly enjoyed this movie.
They just keep getting better! Disney has chosen a lot of great classic cartoons to remake into live feature films and the Jungle Book was another great choice. It is great for the whole family.
bought before watching. not too bad a good movie for kids
If I have rent this movie first, I would have not purchase it.
Goes to show you can throw a lot of money into a movie for beautiful sets and state of the art cgi but you have to have a story to capture the audience which this movie lacks .not lighthearted enough for children and not engaging enough for adults.
It wasn't the movie I expected it to be. the storyline had pieces from the past but with a new age twist. Good family movie thy
bet kids really love this film, was well done but not my normal cup o tea
Best Buys product is great, 5 stars. The movie itself, 2 out of 5 stars so I averaged it out at 3. The movie was alright, the lead kid was pretty good but rest of the movie, eh!
We liked The Jungle Book. We thought the animation was magnificent. We enjoyed Cinderella more.
Loved the cartoon when I was younger live action was great
Bought it with out thinking about it or looking it up and it was a good movie.
Adaptation of the animated classic, this however is not a children's movie at all. It is quite violent and may frighten younger views. It is a good movie for the entertainment and special effects.
So I saw this after watching Pete's Dragon. I say this because Pete's Dragon was the good ol Disney magic you remember from watching these 2 films as a kid. So Jungle Book, it was incredibly amazing to look at and some fun moments, but the magic and connections were slightly lacking and I was amazed at how violent it was. My 5 year old who watches the Avengers movies with me was taken back by this. It may have been because it was animals and stuff. Anyhow, it was good and beautiful to look at, but something was adrift on this one. Maybe if I had seen this before Pete's Dragon (deeper connection with the characters there).
good production, and interesting twists to try and make it new and different, but still same jungle book, and not really worht the time if you never liked the story. kid friendly.
I enjoyed this movie, but it is not one I would want to watch over and over and over again. Definitely entertaining, but OK to watch it once and done
I'm only giving it 3 stars based on the fact that I haven't watched it yet. That seems average so it will have to be for now.
Not bad. At times a bit too intense for young kids. Would rather watch the original animated version again.
This movie was ok. The little boy is cute as well as the characters.
This movie was worth watching once and had some entertaining moments but otherwise it was just ok.
Was a good movie not like watching the animated version, but the family still enjoyed.
This movie was ok. Not great but ok. The Disney cartoon is still better.
I'm not familiar with the original but it is enjoyable to watch with it's well done effects and story.
I watched this with children and they were bored. I hate to admit that I was, too. It's all Jon Favreau's fault that my expectations were so high...I love you Jon Favreau!
My kids are two and four, they loved it even though they were hiding behind the couch at one point.
Fan of the story and loved the first animated version. I was a little worried about the kids on this one. Overall was worth buying.
for me this didn't live up to my expectations...loved the movie, but didn't live up to the hype I was expecting...
We purchased this for our 6 year old son, however, I would recmmend this for an older child
This movie was ok. Special effects ok but it was not as good as the original movie.
It's a Marvel of technical wizardry and production design, but I found myself distracted and bored through a lot of it. The 3D is great on it and it has a nice set of Special features.
Doesn't end like the book and doesn't convey the story Kipling intended. Beyond this, it's a typical Disney flick. If you can past the spin it's okay.
Bought this for my kids ages 2 and 4. A little edgy and anxious for them in a couple of scenes fear wise but after the first watch they were completely ok. Good effects and the young kids plays a great part.
Retelling the original Jungle Book. This was done well.
A lot of action I would recommend it to add to your movie collection but not as good as original
Phil Harris's voice for Baloo in Disney's animated feature is so attached to Baloo it was hard to fathom Bill Murray stepping in there but HE PULLS IT OFF. The #d version here has good depth of field and makes the film even more immersive.
Just an okay movie for me. Never really cared for the cartoon version.
The movie was decent. It was not as good as our family had hoped or the previews made it seem. The young boy was an okay actor but not great. The special effects were fairly good. But we felt this movie should have been so much better for a Disney movie.
A movie for teens/adults. I would not recommend for young children. It is more of an adult interpretation of the classic Disney movie.
Movie was average, but decent collection. Kind of pricy.
This was a typically good offering from Disney, though not as good as the original cartoon version.
Not as good as the original one. I expected this to be as good as the original it was OK though
Maybe it's my age but the original voices, score and personalities (Even the Spanish version) had more life. These new movie tried to compensate with graphics and action, but for Pete's sake, its the Jungle Book. It's a MUSICAL movie not an action movie that has music. I watched this with my grandkids and they liked it but when I showed them the original, they liked the original better. They were even singing the songs after they saw the original cartoon. It's the difference between a great full body wine and the cardboard box wine.
Good movie but not recommended for younger audiences.
my kid liked this story and i would recommend to any one with kids
My son LOVES this but as soon as it hits the floor, it has fuzz and hair all over it. It seems to find and collect hair that I didn't even know was on the floor. I'm constantly rinsing it out because he's constantly throwing it.
I've tried this spray a few times since I got it and I'm thinking that perhaps it's not for my hair type (thick, full and curly), as I don't see any effect, positive or negative. It just sort of wets my hair. I haven't noticed a difference in shine or texture. So, I regret to say that it didn't work for me. Thank you for allowing me to try it, however.
I received this product for free from ChickAdvisor to test. I've tried a few different leave-in treatments in the past. This one was not my favourite. My frizz-prone hair felt weighed-down AND was frizzed than usual.And as with the other GLISS products, this one was very fragrant - too much so for me. It didn't work for me.
I still have some from the original bottle I purchased in Europe. It is different from the contents of this bottle. Little disappointing. Not the same quality.
The heater looks nice. What i don't like is the heat coming directly out the top. Thought the heat would be blown out the bottom, where it would be much easier to spread throughout the area. Don't mount it under a window sill or it could ruin the wood. Also, the fan is a lot louder than expected in a bedroom install. Too heavy to safely mount on studs w/o a connector piece between the studs. (mount holes don't fit 16'' studs)
I do not think I will buy this product again. I have been waiting over 20 minutes for it to dry. It smudge and looks terrible. The colors are fun, but it's not fun how awful it looks smudged. If it's instant drying, I shouldn't have to wait past 10 minutes.
I just took Co-Bolt blue off my nails. I used Diamond Shine as base & Top coat. I wore it for five days without any chipping. Only today did it begin to leave marks on papers. Application was easy requiring only one coat of color to achieve solid results without streaks. Removal was moderately easy, requiring three cottonballs using non-acetone remover because my daughter doesn't like the acetone odor. My nails were not stained. Co-Bolt blue gets all five stars. I purchased this polish a while ago.My daughter bought Petal Pusher. The polish is thicker. It is a light color, so it streaks. It doesn't dry as fast as my Co-Bolt blue. I had to put on three coats to get decent results, defeating the purpose. I don't know if she got a bad bottle or one that had been opened at the store, but this color was definitely inferior to the co-bolt blue color.I'm willing to give it another go though, and will purchase one in yellow to see how that goes. I will update review with those results.
I bought the Fushia and thought i was in heaven because it dried so quick but like alot of other reviews its definitely chips and I had to keep touching up until I finally took it off and started again time will tell how long it will be until it chips if it does chip in a day I am bringing it back to the store and get my money back and buy something else. I will just have to be patient for my nail polish to dry with another product. Sorry Sally Hansen my first experience was not a good one so I am trying it again. Please fix the problem with the chipping and this would be the best product I have gotten for my nails.
i was excited to find this polish, thinking that sally hansen polishes are usually very good and adding insta dri could only be an improvement. when i used it the first time, my immediate thought was that i had to get more colors of this terrific polish. in less than 24 hours i discovered how WRONG! i was. while it does go on beautifully and DOES dri nearly instantly and while the brush is unique, i found that my nails were chipped in less than 24 hours! and YES, i DID use a top coat and NO, i did not do any scrubbing or hard cleaning of any sort. as a matter of fact, i had polished the nails shortly before bedtime so much of the time was spent sleeping! the above review that says hers didn't chip after cleaning, etc. needs to count herself VERY LUCKY.this is NOT a product that i will purchase again. i can find other quick dries that last MUCH longer than less than 24 hours at 1/3 of the cost.
This polish is great for that moment when you realize you have a party to get to, but your nails look horrible!It does dry really quickly. However, it is not really designed to stay for very long. Say you need to impress a new boss for a meeting, or you have a hot date, or you're meeting your significant other's parents for the first time. This is the product to have in your nail kit that you can throw on after you finish your make-up, but before you drive off. Good to have on hand for those toes when you didn't know you had to wear open-toe shoes. Otherwise, just stick to the long dry stuff. It will probably last longer.
I got the color Copper Chic, I instantly fell in love with the colors and was a little surprised by the Gel-like Feel mine had to it. Regardless, it lasted a really long time and was decently pigmented. Wasn't the easiest to blend, but it works.
i really like the forula on this product, the only thing is, the packeging is TERIBLE! Theirs not pan, its just plastick so the shadow dosent stick. and the outside packing is a thin plastick. i love the shadow pigmentaion and the feel but its not travle or user friendly.
The highlight color was smashed when this palette arrived, I was very disappointed since the color was so beautiful for all over my lid, I am NC45 in MAC so it would have been gorgeous! It made a huge mess in the box it arrived in.....oh well!
Came shattered, so that was annoying... but they were quick to replace so whatevs. I was really excited for this product. I always had to buy two different eye shadow compacts to get all these colors so I thought, Wow! All my favorite, most-used colors in one! Was disappointed however, when I got it. Whenever I buy these colors anywhere else they are really shiny and sparkly and pop. Metallic like. These however were dull and didn't read well. More of a matte finish. I don't even bother wearing them anymore. Oh well...
These colors are a little dark for me, but the quality was good.
I like the colors on this palette, but I found them to be very sheer. When first applied, they look nice, but they fade throughout the day. By the time I got home, I looked like I hardly had any color on. I do not use primer with shadows, and that might be my problem, but I don't usually have issues with other brands or formulas from Maybelline. I'm trying some different colors in the same style to see if they're similar.
Giving three stars because I liked the colors. Shadows were all broken when package arrived.
this was not worth the money spent
Didn't mean to buy two of the same color. Ugh. I will second one as a gift for birthday or for no reason
Received product, but wasn't as shimmery as I thought it would be. Just average product. I would recommend it to fairer complexioned people.
I got a great price on this kit, but the package was open and the teal powder destroyed and all over. It was easy to clean up and I don't use the blue anyway, so I was satisfied.
Colors very suitable for brown skin just are not as durable colors.
Well my item arrived with half the greenish color broken and all over the entire little palette. So disappointing. The other colors are ok besides the smeared green everywheres.
The basic browns in this eyeshadow quad are an essential for every woman's wardrobe. The four shades blend and complement each other regardless of which combination you choose. If they have a flaw, it's that the colors faded somewhat and had to be replenished midday. Some creaminess might help with this. Otherwise, it's great.
Choose another shadow with more pigment and less glitter. All the shadows look similar since there is an overwhelming amount of glitter.
I just got it cuz its unlimited the colors are pretty .too bad its kind if expensive but was worth it.
Picture shows the colors accurately. I don't know why, but I anticipated the size to be larger... Good quality, though and I'll definitely get my use out of it for the price here on Amazon!
Every Stones fan need this in their collection and bring on new fans.
ok but wont buy again
I have tried many american products crew but none of them lived up to my expectations or the reviews they have. I am a male with thinning hair and now a days suffering from dry scalp. I have used this conditioner few times till now. Tea tree conditioner does make my hair feel soft and has a decent smell but it did not match my expectations in conditioning my hair and scalp. It did not help much with my dry scalp. An okay product for sure but not something I would recommend.
It cleans very well but your hair will have a stringy feeling to it. Unfortunately I despise the conditioner that goes with it because it leaves your hair greasy. So I'm stuck with a stringy feeling. I don't think I will be buying this one again.
Smell is decent. Seems to strip my hair or leave something on my hands to make my hair feel funny when I wash it. Cleans well. The funny feeling it leaves on my hair goes away after I use the conditioner. Does not get greasy as the day goes on.
Smells really nice, but it's pretty dry for my hair type after wash-off.
It works better than Dr. Hauschka, the crystal rock, etc. etc. as far as odor is concerned. But I may be personally allergic to it, sadly! It often burns my skin when applying. And lately I have noticed red skin, like a large welt where applied. I will continue to experiment and update..
OLLY Endless EnergyDecided to try OLLY`s Endless Energy vitamins in gummi form. I received a complimentary sample and have been using it for about 3 weeks now. Not really sure that it is a necessary productPOSTIVES:Good taste and easy to use. Gummi vitamins are actually for adults now, especially in the way OLLY makes their product. The gummis are not overly sweet, come in a `cool supplement`-type packaging, are just round discs (not in the shape of a cartoon character) and can quickly be eaten.NEGATIVES:Dosage directions call for 3 gummis. Seems like a lot, couldn`t this energy booster be compressed into 1 gummi? Smell is a bot vitmain-like. But most importantly, I don`t know that I noticed any increase in my energy, focus or stamin. Either when in my normal work or workout mode. I even took a break from the Endless Energy vitamins for 5 days to see if I had a let down or ramp-up when starting to take them again.Overall a great idea and a pleasing form of vitamin and cool packaging. But probably will stick to a men`s multi without this extra supplement.
I bought OLLY ENDLESS ENERGY for mornings I cannot get going and afternoons when I need a pickup. I took one, and was really disappointed in the taste. Truly, it was horrible. I chewed the tablet almost completely (as directed) before I couldn't take the taste any longer and washed it down with a lot of water. I definitely got the afternoon pickup with just the one--not dramatic, but enough to keep going--and there was no noticeable crash.I like the low caffeine count (20mg per chew) which I have found difficult to find in products. It gives you the chance to take as many as you need (1-3 per serving) keeping your personal tolerance to caffeine in mind.There are more calories in these chews than I would like, but they definitely need the sweet to counter the ginger and caffeine. Maybe more would improve the taste...They are very expensive for the number of chews you get. Generally this would be a negative, but considering how bad they taste I think I may have gotten lucky. I will use the remainder of the product (with lots of water!) and hope they come up with another flavor option or improve this one. Without a change I'm not sure I would purchase another container.
I received a sample of the Olly Endless Energy Gummies in the Lemon Zinger Flavor. I dont do energy drinks because they are usually full of corn syrup and sugar, but these gummies are different. I like that the caffeine comes from green tea and will enjoy these during long shifts at work. They are easy to keep in my backpack and I dont have to worry about puncturing a can or spilling its contents. These gummies do fall a little short in terms of flavor. They leave a strange after taste.
This is a very good face wash. I wish I could use it, but even after I stopped using it, my face continued to be severely dry for awhile. It does forewarn on the back that that could happen.
my absolute fave use it daikly and cant live without
Loved the Nivea Original in the blue can. Tried this as alternative since Target no longer carries the Original online or in my local stores. It's a little runny out of the can, but better than the stuff that is in the Sensitive Formula (White can). Overall, if I cannot get the Original formula anywhere else, I will settle for Energy because I do still get a better shave from it than any of the other brands that I have used over the past 25 years.
easy to follow instructions smells okay leaves skin feeling refreshed
I was surprised by this meal, not blown away, but just surprised. I don't care for beef tv dinners, but I'm trying to venture out of my comfort zone. The texture and flavor of the meat was actually palatable(not too mushy or strange tasting), the potatoes were good of course(can never go wrong with a potatoes). Nothing like home cooked meatloaf, but in quick pinch I'd be able to stomach this meal again for nourishment.
Meal was not bad but the disappointment came in that it is more like Salisbury steak than meatloaf. Don't mind Salisbury steak but was looking forward to a meat loaf texture/taste.
This is a good choice for our grandkids to watch as the 3 boys really like trains.
Bought this on Black Friday, never seen it before, it was pretty good, my roommate notice the difference between the normal copy and blu ray copy
I made this purchase ecaus eeveryone raved about this in Hollywood and others said it was a good movie. I disliked it!
Basic action movie, with consistent violence, language.
I had to watch this movie again, and I still found it to bloody. Not for me!!
Really twisted movie. Hard to follow at times and a long drawn out plot.
It had its moments. It was about what i thought it would be.
The movie is really really long so don't watch when you are tired! It's not a movie I would normally watch but after watching it I can say I now pick up on many quotes I would have been oblivious to before. Definitely not for faint of heart.
It's an okay movie to watch as long as you like these type of movies.
I always enjoy checking out the reduced priced movies.
Collect movies this is one with many of my favorite actors.
this is a strange video. but funny. not sure if i like it or not.
You need a big cat to have a scratching post this big :) Okay not really, but I have a Maine Coon kitten (7 months now) and bought this to get him used to a large scratching post. He was doing great, stretching up to touch the top all the time. But yesterday I heard a crack and the post was messed up. This post has the bottom in two pieces, with a screw in the middle. If that breaks, the whole thing is messed up because the strength comes fromk a sturdy bottom. My cat will not even use it now because it wobbles when he tries to scratch and he is uneasy about it now. Not a good investment in my opinion....
The kids weren't drinking it as well as other flavors....tasted like tang
okay! It stains every thing!
As adults we use this due to allergies and food allergies. We like the fact this is dye free. And I like the fact that Walmart has it back on their shelves and it's been missing for several years. Yes we recommend greatly two friends and family and people I meet in stores this particular Benadryl thank you
i prefer talc based products-- which this particular Anti-Monkey Butt product IS not all A-M-B products are however as some use cheaper corn starch it is ok for short term absorbent / friction reducing ability. it has no type of real medication to prevent odor or itching like some others do Desenex - talc with 2 miconizol . i'll maybe use this but will still prefer the medicated products for regular use which seem to offer superior / extra protection in a talc base.
I have used almost every lotion or cream on the market and they all have good/bad things about them. This is a good product but not much different than most top brands.
Curel Ultra Healing is a good moisturizing hand lotion. The major drawback is the parabens in it. If they would remove those, I would give it 5 stars.
It does moisturize well,but I really need the anti-itch formula to combat my seboreah
Works wonders! Having issues with hypothyroidism and OCD frequent hand washing my hands were scaly, raw, and burning this helped in two days. Wish this was cruelty free, so not 5 stars.
I love cruel lotion and have used it for years however I am tired of having to stand my 20 oz bottle upside down for days to get the last 20 out of the bottom due to the short straw on the pump I can't find tubes or bottles with lids, not pumps in the fragrance free. It is too expensive to just discard the product in the bottom of the bottle, so I am going to search for another brand. I love the lotion but not the container.
I got this calender set to use in my High School Autism classroom because it doesn't have all the kiddie animals and characters but still covers some of those basic skills some of my students still need to learn like what the weather is and the day of the week. Good: The product is nothing fancy but for the price it is exactly what I am looking for. I am not sure why some of these other reviews are not great. for 10-11 bucks I didn't plan on getting a high quality, laminated awesome set. what I got is an affordable, functional, no nonsense calender that I can laminate and differentiate for my students needs. I plan to laminate it and put velcro on the days of the week pieces, weather, and calender dates so that we can change them each morning. it comes perforated so all the pieces were easy to separate and I didn't have to cut anything! Bad: when I got the box it was damaged. it looked like it had been squished and when i opened it up the poster had been rolled up and shoved not very nicely or carefully diagonally into the box. it fit very tightly as a regular box I'm sure but because of the damage to the box in shipping the poster was also damaged and crinkled all up to the point were i will have to return it and buy again in order to laminate it and use it. I'm very disappointed and hoping i will be able to get this done by the time school starts. walmart needs to take a little more care in packaging their products and maybe use more appropriate shipping containers for different products.
It's a very nice looking and functional can opener. It's just very costly.
but didn't last as I thought it should. I don't open a ton of cans so it should have done better at "staying alive"......but it didn't, "it died." Oh well, went on to hand opener and haven't looked back!
The pillows are pretty, but I do not like the combination, linen cotton fabric. It's not soft ~ it's very stiff. I paired these pillows with the patchwork pillow sham on a beautiful, bedroom slipper chair. The pillow insert is quite large ~ it's so large that one of the buttons popped off one of the pillows. The supplier needs to stuff the cover with a smaller insert.Three stars only for this pair...
The metal legs are sturdy but the table slats don't lay completely level and look like faux wood. It's not very noticeable and not an issue to us for the price. I couldn't find may options for tables of this size so for the price and size, I'm pleased.
This is good and in fact I've used it for many years. However, as of late, I've noticed that the fragrance dissipates faster than it did previously and is NOT as strong initially as it once was. Is this due to some kind of EPA regulation!
It has more of a satin-y texture than its clear gel counterparts so it sticks to the hands better when washing. Smell is pleasant.
Last time I buy soap online unless I have already used that particular product. Has a strong perfume smell. If you like that, then go ahead purchase. Walmart carries another variety in stores (not sold online) that has little to no smell. Softsoap Soothing Aloe Vera.
This soap has a nice smell to it
I love the idea of the little pre measureed pods. But with my washer you need really hot water or else they may not always open and distribute the soap.
I liked the cleaning power of the Tide pods, unfortunately although the scent was pleasant it was too overpowering and irritated my allergies. For someone who is not bothered by heavy scents these would be a great option. The convenience of pods are great for when your children do their own laundry, and they do clean well. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I really didn't notice much of a difference in fragrance of the a Tide Pods plus Febreze versus regular Tide pods. I have always used Tide products in my laundry and really like their products. I personally am not a big fan of Febreze to begin with (I do not like their fragrance). I will continue to use Tide in my laundry but probably won't purchase the plus Febreze kind. I really don't like a ton of fragrance on my laundry anyway as I have sensitive skin. Less is more in the case of fragrance for laundry. Too much can be overpowering, especially if you already wear perfume or lotions. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to receive this in my bzzkit. I have a front loading washer. I followed the instructions to a t, But every time the casing for the pods worked its way to the rubber seal for the door. The washed clothes had a great smell, and washed my clothes well. The deal breaker is having to clean out left over detergent and casing stuck in the rubber seal. I will be sticking with my regular detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It smelled good! It is convenient and it works well! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I liked the product and the scent however, the samples was not enough for me to switch to this brand. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
one pod never really convinced me to switch would need a few to really see if l would buy on regular bases l like the febreeze added to tide pods it gives it a nice scent that lasts for a while but would definetly need to try more than one pod (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Used the tide pods + febreze botanicals. Clothes came out smelling clean but not much of a scent. Not sure if the load was too big but there was no scent and less when they came out the dryer. The clothes smelled clean but no scent. GotItFree bzzagent. tidepods LaundryInnovations This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always been a good product but it costs more and I don't usually buy it. But since i gotitfree I used it and my clothes came out smelling good. I liked it, I'm not flipping and doing cartwheels over it, but I think Tide is a good brand in general so you can't really go wrong. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the TidePods+Febreze Botanical Mist were ok but not great. It has a pleasant smell but it's not my fave. My clothes were not any brighter than what they are with the regular liquid Tide I use. I don't think they are worth the price so I'm going to stick with my liquid Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the TidePods from LaundryInnovation that I GotItFree were just average especially for the price. It smelled great and I liked the new scent but I didn't notice the clothes to be noticeably brighter or cleaner and the smell dissipated after coming out of the dryer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the tide pod with febreze botanical mist, let me first say I love how easy it is to use the pods. I dont have to measure, I wont over use which means you save money. I have sensitive skin and I normally use unscented detergents, but I miss having the refreshing smell to my clothes, so I was excited to give this a try. I must say the fragrance is really over powering! I really wish it was toned down a bit so that it doesnt seem like I showered in the fragrance. I like the tide brand and I like the febreeze brand so of course it sounds like a good pair. This is a great product if your not sensitive to strong smells and what a fragrance to really last on your clothes. I would love to continue with using tide pods, just a lighter fragrance. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Before trying the Tide PODS + Febreze included in my BzzKit, I had only used Tide HE liquid detergent. I have only good things to say about Tide. It ALWAYS gets the job done. It'd be the only detergent I'd purchase if I could afford it! I was very excited to try the Tide PODS and see what they're all about. There's a lot to love about them. The instructions are simple the PODS go directly into the laundry, saving you the trouble of measuring/spilling liquid detergent they're HE compatible and they boast an impressive 4-in-1 combination of detergent, stain remover, brightener, and Febreze. What you need to know is that they do NOT cover fabric softener, so plan on adding that to your load. Also, they work great in either warm or cold cycles, making them very convenient. I have only one complaint, but it's a big one: the fragrance didn't last through a normal dryer cycle. I was super disappointed because this was the aspect of the PODS I was most excited about. My clothes were clean, but they didn't smell fresh. I don't know about you, but when my dirty laundry is done washing and drying, I want them to SMELL clean! When I moved the load from the washer to the dryer, the fragrance was awesome. I loved it! But when I went to fold everything, it was gone. Like, 100 gone. I was so sad. :( Unfortunately, the convenience of the Tide PODS + Febreze Botanical Mist didn't outweigh the weak fragrance, in my honest opinion. I think I'd stick with something else in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like the product and it smells very nice. I used it on my white clothes and my clothes are brighter . this product does what it says :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product claims to keep clothes smelling fresh long after they come out of the wash. That's certainly true, but the scent was just way, way too overpowering for me. Perhaps if there was a way to use less per load, but with the POD design, that's not really an option. It'd be most useful for particularly stinky loadsclothes or towels that had become musty, for example, and could use a little extra help. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used the Tide pod that I was sent by Bzzagent for the first time last night. Since I didn't know if it would stain clothing or anything like that I used them on my towels, luckily they didn't stain anything but I didn't feel like I got as good of a clean with these as I normally would with regular liquid detergent. The other thing that bothers me is my husband has fire safe clothing and it cannot be washed with any kind of a fabric softener, I know this has febreeze in it but it does not state of it already had a fabric softener in it so of course I cannot use this on my husband's clothes. Also after coming out of the dryer my towels did not feel as soft as they normally would after doing my regular detergent and softener, but I still used my regular fabric softener. After all the negative things I do have a couple of positives, the Tide Pods do help shave a little time off my regular laundry time since I don't have to measure out the liquid detergent. They also have a very nice smell which seems to last, my linen closet smells very nice right now. So the smell has lasted about 16 hours, which is a nice surprise since most of the time the smell fades pretty quickly. For me, the negatives outweigh the positives, plus they are more expensive than my regular liquid detergent and my detergent lasts longer than the pods do, so I probably will not purchase this on my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I Tried out the tide pods + febreze and my clothes came out looking great but there wasn't really any scent to them, which I was expecting since it has the febreze in it. Slightly disappointed. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've tried different pods in the past and wasn't thrilled, I was really hoping that these would be different since throwing a pod in the wash is so much easier than lifting up the huge containter or liquid and missing most of the time since one of my kids always think its funny to close the drawer mid pour! I can say I still don't love the pods - I find that they don't always fully disolve and when I take my clothes out the plastic film is always stuck to one item of clothing, which means I have to rewash that item. They did smell nice so thats a plus but I wouldn't go and spend money on them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this is definitely very convient. It had the same smell and cleaning ability as the liquid. But other than convience there is no difference. Would definitely recommend for people on the go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think these tide pods were very good. They left a great smell, and simple and easy to put in the washer without using too much or too little detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It did not smell as good as the other pods offered by Tide. Smelled to earthy for my families liking. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I absolutely love the ease of using these pods. They are so convenient and mess free. I can just quickly throw one in with my laundry and start it right up. I also love the scent, you can smell the great fragrance as soon as you open the bag. It was a fresh, summery scent. However, I am not sure that the pods did a good job of cleaning my clothing. After I washed and dried my load of laundry, I noticed the majority of my husbands shirts still smelled heavily of his deodorant. I was pretty shocked that I could still smell his fragrance on his clothes. Upon further inspection, I found some small spots did not come out in the wash. These were not huge, dark stains, just small little stains. I would have thought these spots would for sure come out with the pods. I really wanted to like these a lot but they just did not live up to my expectations. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I heard wonders of this Tide pod but in my case I was not satisfied at all. It was just meh.. no wow factor. My clothes did not smell Botanical at all. (I must clarify that the laundry I used the sample was normal duty not extremely dirty) it was just another regular load of laundry. I will not be buying this item. Did not like it at all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really excited to try the Tide PODS plus Febreze detergent pack. However, when I used a pod in my front loader HE machine it overflowed. My machine takes very little detergent and the pod was way too much for it. There was soapy water all over my garage. The clothes smelled great and got clean. I just wish the pod itself had significantly less detergent. I don't know if others have had this experience. I'm sure a company like Tide tried this in a variety of machines and it is more my machine being the issue. Just be aware that your machine could be like mine! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These did an average job at washing my clothes. I don't think I would ever purchase them on my own as they are much more expensive. The only thing I would buy these for is if I was going on a trip and planned on doing laundry while I was there. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clean smelling and clean clothes are what results from using this product in the laundry. Love the convenience of the little pods. No mess, no fuss. Clean clothes the first time. I would probably add a liquid fabric softener for further use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was a little skeptical at first, because I have not used any pods before in my laundry. It was very easy to use, if you can remember to put them in first, before putting your clothes in the wash. The smell was a bit off to me after I took them out of the washer, but didn't notice any smell after the dryer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was super excited to try the pods, since I had never before. But unfortunately, both of my pods were already busted open in the package and made a total mess. I tried to go ahead and dump them into the washer to use anyway, and ended up having to re-wash them since most of the detergent was stuck in the bag.. :( Great concept, and smelled so good in the package, but needs stronger packaging. Im assuming the ones in the storage tubs have a little more protection from busting than the ones in hte smaller bag packages. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Most important for me besides the clean factor is the smell. If the smell is not strong enough to last then I will typically not stick with the product. Thru Bzzagent I was able to test the Tide-Pods and Febreze Botanical Mist. Tide pods did great with removing stains and treating nice and dirty baseball uniforms. Great news stains were gone with no problem however important for my continued support of the product is that for the Febreze Botanical Mist I personally did not like the smell. The smell did last a few days, which will be great for people that enjoy that scent, but unfortunately it was not my preference. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When it comes it the smell and the convenience of the pods I love them. They smell awesome and are great because there is nothing to measure out. But when it comes to having a front loader this is not the best product. The pod doesn't dissolve and when I look on the website it says to fill the washer with water and let it sit for 30 minutes and then turn it on.... Who has time to do that with each load Not me. So for that reason it would not buy these. These would work better with a top loader because they use more water. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use and dissolved in cold water good Seemed to get clothes cleaner than a store brand (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Since receiving the sample in the mail and trying it, it's hard to judge by just one use. It did leave my clothes smelling nice and fresh, which is always number one on my list of things that are important. It did do a good job in cleaning my clothes and getting them fresh. I would Definately think about trying again. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
The pods are compact it's stead of the bottle to carry. The pods have just the right amount of product inside. You Will get an amazing clean PLUS long-lasting freshness (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
The product is good but I like the Febreze separately. Because I do not use fabric softener usually. But if you use it regularly, it will save your work and cost. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
This pod is very convenient and easy to use. Just put it in the washing machine with water, and it does everything. 3 steps in one. Clean, brightens and whitens . No need to measure liquid or powder detergent. And it is gentle on clothes. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
The tide worked just as my arm and hammer. The freeze is too strong of a scent (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I like that the fabric refresher and soap are all in one. The use and ease of the product, meaning no spillage and smaller counter space to store product. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I loved how the pods were mess free ! There was no spill or over flow of a lid. I didn't think the smell was that strong on the clothes after being washed. Like normal detergents do! But other then that I did love them. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
the smell I am thinking will last a long time with stored bedding would have liked to had more than 1 pod so i could also sample on clothing 3 pod as a sample would help (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
If you like Tide, you will love this. The scent is great and your clothes smell amazing. Really aside from the scent, this product is best for its convenience, no measuring liquid or powder, just drop it in its already done for you. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Using pods is so much more convienent and quick to use..no more measuring or guessing on how much liquid to use. The feebreeze scent is just enough and not to overpowering. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I like the product and the scent it had. I only got a sample with one packet in it, despite being sent a photo of a whole tub of product. Because I only got one use, I can't really give a thorough review (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
It's easy to use...just drop a tab...it's done..just great (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I liked the smell of the product, but only receiving one pod as a sample it's hard to form an opinion. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Product is ok but I think you get more bang for your buck using the liquid Tide. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
it worked well but nothing special. I found no difference to my usual brand. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
good but expensive and what happens to the plastic coating (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
The smell was absolutely fantastic. It kept my clothes smelling great for weeks. I would totally recommenced tide with febreeze pods to my family and friends. Looking forward to going out a buying this and and washing everything i own in it. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I like it because it was very convent to just throw the pod in the wash but I still love my regular laundry detergent. My clothes were clean and the scent wasnt bad. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I received this product as a sample to try. I liked the product, it cleaned my clothes and made them smell clean, but it didn't have that extra something that makes it go above and beyond other brands. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I am very sensitive to fragrance but I did find when I used the Tide pods with Febreze it was not that strong. It was a nice light smell. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
The product was good and easy to use, but I did not find much difference compared to my current brand. There wasn't anything special about it (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I really liked the scent of the tide frebreeze pods. It seemed as clothing would hold the scent of freshly done laundry much longer and was able to really clean and freshen up the really soiled laundry. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I was given the change to try this product from The Home Testers Club. Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze would be a great product from someone is is not bothered by scents/fragrances in laundry detergent. Pods are a wonderful savour when doing laundry as they help to control exactly how much product is used each time one doesn't need to worry about others using too much or too little detergent providing they do a standard sized load. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Got clothes clean and smelling fresh .sample was too small to decide whether or not to switch (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I like the convenience of the pods and they are actually great for travelling, which is when we use it most often. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Tide Pods with Febreeze had a nice fragrance, but I didn't notice any other specific difference with the product. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Tide pods were ok. The smell on the clothing after it came out of he dryer was nice. It is very convenient to just throw it in the wash and know all your clothing will be washed and smell good. Overall it was a good product. Just don't know if I am going to run out and buy it. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Tide pods cleaned well and the clothes smelt nice. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
The smell is great but i dont find they clean the clothes any better then any other laundry pods do. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
The pods make it Easy to use , and they smell good. Plus clean clothes as always with tide (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I prefer liquid laundry detergent. More cost effective (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Tide is already good on its own. Adding Febreze to the mix does little to nothing to change my opinion of the product. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
The pods are very easy to use and very economical as I do not have to struggle to measure the amount of detergent I need to use for each wash. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
his Product is exactly what I needed! his Product is exactly what I needed! his Product is exactly what I needed! his Product is exactly what I needed! his Product is exactly what I needed!
I like Tide, I like the original Tide scent and I am happy with the way it cleans! I found the Tide with Febreeze has a strong scent. I know that it is suppose to but its a bit strong for my liking. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I did love the scent. I did feel that one sample wash was not sufficient to make a decision. the product is very expensive. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
Well i tried it. The scent wasn't bad but with only getting 1 sample it is hard to rate it.Maybe if the samples were larger i could give you a better review. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
The tide pod got the job done. The clothes came out clean and without any stains. I didn't like the strong scent though. It was the same old scent of laundry detergent.
I always use Tide,usually the liquid with Downy,but I tried the Pods with the Febreeze and did not like it one bit..had tried the liquid with ti too and didn't like so it's the Febreeze not the Tide.
I only received 1 so I really cant say much, but the one load I did do smelled real nice what have like a few more to decide better
I purshased the tide pods and was not happy a lot of them were squished and couldn't be used I payed a lot for the big container was not happy at all.
Great cleaning and aroma.Tide pods are a great value ,fabulous cleaning product!!!!!!
too expensive to use if it's a small load, i put a small load in and use one pod.. it's too expensive if it's not a big load to use this This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love tide have used it all my life. Febreze is great to so the two combined is great.
Although this product cleaned effectively, I found the scent too strong.
After following instructions for using in front loader, the pods stain clothes and the plastic sticks to the laundry This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a very good product and the result which you will get after using this product is really good.
It is easy to use and smells great but is more expensive than other brands. Hopefully there will be coupons in the future for this product.
Great value and cleaning power. Have tried this product in the past but prefer Cheer
After receiving my free Tide pods samples, I decided to give them a try with a smaller load of laundry. It's much easier to toss in a pod than measure and pour detergent and fabric softener, so that's a plus for me. However, I LOVE my laundry to smell great, and these Tide Pods just didn't do it for me. If I were to purchase these, I would have to toss multiple pods in just to achieve the fresh smell, so it probably wouldn't be worth it to me since Tide is usually more expensive. I received a few other brand samples, so I'm hoping those will smell better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a homemaker, so when it comes to laundry, I do it all! I like this detergent because it is easy to use and smells nice. If I had any piece of criticism I would prefer a detergent with less chemicals. But I will use this never the less. It works well! I received this product free from influenster.
I'm a little disappointed with the pods. I was excited to try something different from the usual detergent. I used the pods on a new towel set I had gotten, and when the towels were finished, I noticed a discoloring, and looks as if someone lightly bleached them. Long story short, the pods ruined a perfectly good set of bath towels. I had received this product from Influenster to try and review.
I tried this product and it seems to have gotten the clothes clean and they smell fine but cannot say that I would purchase based on 1 load of laundry (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I love the long lasting smell on my clothing. And trying thing before hand is great. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)
I had fun trying the new Tide PODS Plus Febreze sample I received. It was almost too pretty to use! The clothes came out nice and clean, but the Febreze fragrance was stronger than I personally prefer. I hung the clothes out on the line to dry, and they still smelled quite perfumey when I brought them in later. Not a bad smell, just more intense than I like. Probably wouldn't bother most people, though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved the smell and ease of the tide pod, it makes laundry not such a daunting task and takes the questioning and mess out of measurement ! I tried it on a light load and my shirts were smelling amazing as I put them on every day. Definitely a great buy for a college student so they wont have to lug around a huge container. Only down side is I find them to be not as powerful in cleaning as original tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It does work as it is suppose to and it does get almost all of the stain out. I have some clothing that had a more severe stain like blood that was not completely gone. It took another washing for it to appear like before the stain. Overall, though I like that I can just toss this pod along with my clothes and go. It was quick and easy and I like the earthy smell from the breeze too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really liked the pods. They where really easy to use and worked better than regular laundry soap I will be using it again This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I usually like tide, and this was my first try with the pods. I like how it did a good job cleaning, but the scent (though nice) was too overpowering for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just loved how wonderful my clothes smelled, looked and felt after using the Tode pod + Febreze Botanical Mist. It was a refreshing, subtle wonderful smell. They are so easy to use, no measuring required. That is a plus for me because it's one less step and mess to skip. Even my children noticed the difference. I will defiantly be getting more of these. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Almay offers or offered a wooden pencil that is sperior in quality to the plastic twist to advance type. Not sure is they are discontinuing the wooden but the plastic doesn't go on as well-clean line-as the wooden and the crayon breaks easy.
I love the ease of it, but I wish it came waterproof and smudgeproof, it melts after you put it on almost right away, plus the pencil sharpener that lies in the head is so hard to clean then it falls out and you cant get it back in, sighhhhhhhhh I am very disappointed in Almay. I really do not think there is such a thing as an eyeliner pencil that doesn't smudge and make you look like you have been in a Rocky Fight lollllllllllll.
I found this eyeliner to be rather decent. It brightened my eyes which is always a plus it is pretty rich in color. I had to go over my line a few times. Is it just me or do some liners just not glide close enough to the lash line leaving a bit of a gap where your skin shows then you have to go over it a few times to get it close enough I don't like that. The staying power of this liner is not the best as I noticed one eye had more color later in the evening than the other, which is a bit odd. It removed easy enough.
Good value for the price. Although the picture is identical, my box said Steak Portabello, not steak tips. The beef appears to be machine-prepared, with no paid to removing fat or gristle from the cuts. For about a dollar more, at can find a better beef with broccoli.
Bought it due to its DC features... Truth is that is too small having too much noice on high speed.
It is a real nice fan with a remote and 99 speeds. It was just a little too small to use in my living room. It would make a great fan for a smaller room like a bedroom.
Great for nail fungus, but not so great on ringworm..
I have two full cans that are plugged up .I have soaked them in hot water and all they do is sputter a little bit then stop .What can I do
I am looking for a fragrance free disinfectant spray. I like the convenient of the spray, but the scents are too strong and linger for a long time. It would be great if you could include a fragrance free option.
I can only use the Cirtus Meadows cause all the rest are nasty smelling. PLEASE BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL SCENT AND SOFT POWDER SCENT!!! These are the only three that dont irritate my allergies.
I love Lysol spray but it so strong smelling. Any chance you there will be a no scent or light sent versions Also, there seems to be product left in the can when it stops spraying.
I love lysol sprays. I have 2 bottles now that are half full and I can't get any spray to come out. I thought ok on the 1st one and now my new can won't spray either. They are way to expensive to not get all of the product out of the can.
The product is a good one but I am so tired of buying products that are supposed to spray and then I have to throw away over half a can because it will not spray. That is the case with my Lysol 19 oz. citrus meadows disinfectant spray.
I bought the last 2 bottles of lysol for baby's room and they both are half full but they won't spray anymore. I love love love lysol I can't live without it. I use it threw my whole house. But I'm very upset because lysol for baby's room is my absolute favorite scent and I no longer can find it in my area and I have 2 bottles half full that won't work.
Hi, I have been using the Lysol Disinfectant Spray for sometime. I have a spray can 19 oz. with no spray and it feels like maybe a third is left in the can. I tried cleaning the nozzle, didn't help. I just bought a 12.5 oz but I'm worried about the same problems. Any solutions out there before I toss this 19oz can
Hi, We are a senior home and use Lysol daily. Unfortunately, the past few times we have purchased the spray - the canister stops spraying when theres well over 1/2 left. Its very frustrating because we use this product so often. I don't want to switch to a different product but you guys need to re-design the quality of the spray nozzle.
I keep reading online that lysol does not work the way it says it does. My family recently came down with a stomach bug and ideas using lysol to disinfect everything! Then I began reading that it does not work! I used it as it said in the directions and I just want to know that I didn't spend my time and money using something that doesn't work.
I wish you would make an unscented version or bring back the original scent. The current scents are so strong and very artificial smelling. Makes me consider using a different product after I finish the current can I have. I would also use it more if the scents weren't so obtrusive.
We like the lysol product. We've purchased multiple cans and each stops working. I believe the pressure is gone. Disappointing. I wish it could be fixed.
My mother just bought herself a new can of Lysol spray, because the first one was have trouble spraying. Now the second one sprayed all night and ran all over the sink. We like the product,but it needs some improvement on the spray nozzle!
I have no problem with the product, just that there is not enough propellant in the 19 oz. can. This is the third time I have bought the Vanilla Blossoms scent and I will buy it again, but would like to be able to spray out the last third or more of the can before it fizzles out. I guess I will have to buy only the smaller sizes and maybe that will help.
I am having the same problem as Billybob. I now have two 19 oz cans that instead of spraying shoot out a thin stream of Lysol and makes it unusable. I've never had this problem in the past till now. What is the solution I would hate to stop using it but for the cost I am paying for it I can't continue if I am throwing a third of the can away. I gave it 3 stars only cuz of this problem other than that I would have given it a 5.
Hi! We're currently using the citrus meadows scent. We just had this coxsackie virus disease and I just want to ask if is it okay to spray it to stuffed toys to disinfect and do I need to rinse it with water before I give it back to my baby And if ill spray it to the crib, pillows and the like do i need to rinse it also Im afraid maybe it is harmful/can cause allergic reaction if it will touch my baby/our skin. Thanks.
An earlier reviewer said:I have two full cans that are plugged up .I have soaked them in hot water and all they do is sputter a little bit then stop .What can I do I have the same problem. Pls respond. I don't see why you do not publish it publicly since many spray products have similar issues published on the net.Love the product but not the waste. Thanks.
when somewhere between 1/4 and 2/3 or the can. I am angry. I have tried putting the can in a glass of hot water to clean the sprayer and still will not spray. I am not willing to buy something that only gives me part of what it says I am buying. I love the spray, smell, cleaning but cannot waste the money anymore. This has happened to me several times and I finally got made enough to contact you.
Great value - was on sale! Mixed reviews: unfortunately, the movie wasn't as funny as expected.
Good Movie Kevin Hart just does Kevin Hart without the cursing.
It's ok, for me wasn't worth the price and Unfortunately I bought the 4K version. I decided to buy it for my daughter based on the movie Sing. However this was a very different movie from sing and wasn't up to par. The trailers sold me and came up empty handed.
Was expecting a lot more from this movie. A better story,climax and a lot more action.
ok movie for kids, not as good as Zootopia in my opinion.
Cute movie but I was expecting something a whole lot more like zootopia
Meh, it's a mediocre movie. Kevin Hart is grating at times. Didn't impress me much.
Kids will love this. Adults may as well. I thought it was fun once.
Pets looked very funny on the commercials, so I thought it would be pretty good. It was ok. Not that great, but not that bad either.
I really only got this for my granddaughter to watch, not my cup of tea.
This is a great movie for the kids but I found it hard to sit through as an adult. Some really hilarious parts. My kids definitely liked it!
It's like Toy Story for pets. Enjoyable movie and the 3D enhances it.
But my daughter likes it so we bought it. There are better kids movies out there.
We had s great laugh on this movie. Good for patties.
My children didn't get invested in the characters. They won't watch it repeatedly like other movies
Bought this movie for my son. I watched it with him but other than the bonding time with him, I didn't care too much for the movie.
A funny look at the thoughts of all types of pets.
Not as good as some of the typical Disney/Pixar computer animated films, but the kids will love it. Not bad, not great.
But it's still a decent distraction for the kiddies
My 2-year old enjoyed it, but she grew tired of it quickly. Definitely doesn't have the Disney-Pixar magic.
Even as an adult I love kids movies. The movie was a bit drawn out for me but my 2 year old loves it!
ok.................................................
Has it's really funny moments, but overall kind of plain. Animation is good and recommended for kids but adults might find it slow.
This movie was just ok. It did however have some great lines and jokes in it. The rabbit made the movie bearable. Without his character the movie would of flocked. In my opinion.
some great funny moments but slows down halfway through.
The movie is cute but most of the funny parts were in the previews
The movie was good for kids to watch but not one of my kids favorites. I usually like these types of movies but this was not one of my top picks.
not great, but kept my attention, would recommend for a younger audience.
The hype for this movie was insane. the movie itself didn't meet those expectations for me, but the movie was cute.
Cute movie, but over hyped. The Kids liked it okay
Good kids movie but not one of our favorites. Not worth full price, I wish i had waited until it went on sale
This move was boring for old folks. A little scary for little ones. "Snake's
This was an OK film. Not as fun as the Despicable Me movies, but still enjoyable.
its a good all around kids movie, and they'll all love it.
The joke she were kinda corny and the story was kinda a retelling of the same old tale. The picture was surprisingly good in 4K HDR even though it was animated though.
This was a good entertaining movie. This is a movie for all ages. A good average movie.
It was a cute movie, but it took a direction that I wasn't expecting. Bought as a gift.
movie was ok pretty much the better parts of the movie were one that were on the commercial for it.
The animation in this movie was awesome and the characters very funny. It was highly amusing to see what our pets might be up to when we are not around. My kids thought it was very funny as well. Unfortunately the plot isn't very deep and unlike some movie there won't be a lot that you miss on the first viewing that will make you want to go back and watch again.
This movie is alright. Not a buy, maybe a rent. Kids will like this movie, but it is not a very good movie. There are some funny parts for kids, but grown ups will have a lot of groaning moments.
I got this 4k disc along with a few others to see if we can see a difference between a 4k hdr vs upscaled bluray. We are not seeing the difference. At least with cartoons. I have a SUHD 4k 65 inch tv 9000 series and the tv does such a great Job of producing an image. We are having a hard time seeing a difference to justify the disc cost. It might make a difference if you have a cheap 4k tv.
Did not like the part where dogs go in & out of the sewers
entertaining way to kill a couple of hours with a child or grown up who still thinks they are.
Just bought this movie for my 3 year old son. He is really into dogs right now and loves watching this movie before bed...he loves the 3 mini movies included to almost more than the actual movie haha.
not as good as original cast, funny but plot soso. maybe a sequel will be better
This movie was alright for a movie but to me it felt like it was a fit for a TV pilot for a show that would air on nickelodeon
Have not seen this yet. Should be good for the kids
If they had not put so many characters with their own plot lines, it would have been more enjoyable. It's great, however, for young kids.
I know that cartoons are popular but most of them now are for adults or much older children. This movie was okay but geared toward adults.
The best moments of this movie were in commercials. While I expected something different for a plot, it was a cute movie and makes for a good family movie. However, I wouldn't say that it's one you need to add to your home collection.
Not as funny as I thought it would be. Most of the funny parts were actually in the trailer. I usually enjoy watching animated movies with my daughter, but this one was pretty tough to get through.
Got this because my wife is a pet lover. I sat through most of this movie and have to admit there were some funny scenes. The weirdest thing is the non-owner animals plotting to kill all the humans because they got abandoned at some point. Hopefully kids watching this movie won't pick up on that part of the movie.
An OK movie to watch with the family, but not hilarious.
It seems most of the funny in this movie is in the previews of the movie that you have seen on tv. My kid just had to have the movie and MOM just got it. Reminded me of the Hoodwinked movie. It is a decent rental.
It was an ok movie. Funny and predictable. Kids will like it and adults will laugh some.
thought movie would be better but it's ok not worth the money...
I purchased this movie for my 6 year old. It did not keep his attention.
This is a light hearted fun movie for adults, but probably not so much for younger children; the best laughs have been played on the movie trailers, so don't expect to see more....enjoyable but only ok
Movie in general was not as funny as previews, though that is not Best Buy's issue.
My kids really liked this movie, they watched it like 4 so far.
Seems that all the good parts of the movie are in the previews. That means for the really good and funny content there is not much. Our family, mostly teens and older didn't find the movie that impressive. It was still fun to watch but don't expect much out of it.
My wife and I thought this movie would be cute and funny. It was okay, though as with most movies, the story line isn't always the same as the previews. As for the 4k ultra HD part, this movie probably would have been fine in simple HD. Not sure it was worth paying extra for the 4k.
Kids seemed to enjoy it, however you see pretty much all the funny parts in the trailer. And the main "bad guy" goes on and on about murdering pet owners. I expected more coming from the this studio.
This movie was actually quite funny and entertaining. If you've ever had a pet it definitely shows what "could" be happening when you're away. Of course, that's providing that you think of your pets in any sort of "human" way.
Good, not great. I've seen better animated movies.
Best parts are in the commercials. This movie is pretty much a mix of Bolt and Madagascar. Not really a movie worth owning unless it is on sale for under $10.
Bought this for my college age daughters. Was funny but not nearly as funny as some of the other animated movies that we have purchased.
This movie was cute but the best parts of it were shown in the preview for the movie when it was in theaters. I was disappointed. I am being generous with the stars. My children did not care for it that much.
Over all a good movie. Some parts were a little slow.
This is a hilarious film of the life of pets which as Disney once again brings humor in every day living. They were many funny scenes without much a plot. Nonetheless quite entertaining for entire family
Cute. Sure. The family enjoyed the movie, but the trailer captured the funniest moments.
Initially wasn't convinced Louis CK was great, but that aside is fun to watch with the kiddo and Kevin Hart's enthusiasm grows on you.
It wasn't as funny as I thought it would be. Maybe if I was a pet owner my review would have been different.
Might be scary for very young kids. Otherwise, funny.
This movie was really very average...Kevin Hart's character saves it from being simply mediocre.
Cute movie but too corney at times. It is a movie that can be enjoyed by kids and adults alike. Overall it is worth watching.
What snot to like....pets doing the weird things you know they do when your not around
Having a kid made me appreciate Disney movies compared to other studios. Good movie though.
Bought for family to enjoy over the holidays. A little to much violent undertones (Animal Gangs etc) for the little ones to really enjoy. Was thinking it was more of a feel good Awwww kind of movie for young and old
"The Secret Life of Pets" is a fun and harmless animated Comedy. Nothing more, nothing less.
I was rather disappointed in this Disney movie. From the previews, I thought it was going to be a great film for my 3 and 6 year old granddaughters, but it wasn't as fun as I expected and had a darker tone. The Disney ending was predictably happy, but I wouldn't recommend this movie for younger children.
Movie had some funny scenes and good storyline. Kids loved it
Was expecting alot more. Movie was dark in places. Could of been alot better
This movie was fun to watch with my grandson and Daughter me and my wife enjoyed it also.
Purchased for my daughter who really seemed to like it.
This is an OK movie. It had some funny moments but not a lot also it was kinda sad. I was thinking that the Secret Life of Pets would have gone a different way, instead of what actually happened to the dogs. If I saw it in the movie theater, I would not have purchased the Blu-Ray. I would still recommend it to someone, if they were wanting to see it. What I see as an OK movie could be different to someone else who would see it.
Grandchildren wanted me to play it over and over!!
My kids really didn't like the movie it was an okay movie
Thought it was going to be better. Had some fun moments, but the trailer showed most of them.
I love kids movies, but this one was ok. Funny yes but nothing to die for.
This movie was just a movie I didn't really care for it. Our youngest wanted this for Christmas and so it's not my first option but it was a cute little movie. The story line didn't really catch me.
This was a good movie and I think kids are going to like it. The one thing that I do not like is when they should you all the funny parts in the trailer, which is what they did with this. But still it was entertaining.
This movie is a family fun sort of movie. I must say I thought it would be a bit funnier than it was.
Really for older viewers than anticipated, some adult dialog.
Pretty cool movie definitely kids and adults will enjoy.
Kids enjoyed it and it kept their attention for the majority of the film.
Many times as you watch an animated movie you find that there is something for the kids and something for adults. Here I would say it is just a kids movie. But cute.
Not one of my favorites, but the kids love it. Probably because it's animals. It's a good movie, I just think there have been better kids movies out recently.
Overall good movie, but some weird moments for kids when animals are talking about killing their owners. Had some laughs though.
The movie started out pretty good. And the premise was interesting. But when they got into the "bad guys" aspect of it, it just went off track and got a bit too weird. I know that's a strange thing to say since the movie is already about talking animals and stuff like that, but the characters and storyline got to be a lot less fun. This is a very rare "not recommend" review for me.
Fairly straight forward animated film with jokes you largely see coming (from an adult perspective).
I'm sure kids would love this, but for adults it is not as captivating as some kid's movies. Some humor, but not a ton of laugh out loud moments either.
My 13 and 10 year olds thought the movie was just ok. My 5 and 6 year olds thought it was funny. I thought the best parts were shown in the commercials.
It was a good movie but not sure that I would buy it if not on sale
not what I thought it was going to be about but it is a descent movie to watch
Movie was not what I expected. This is a great movie for kids
This was a great movie. There were very funny moments all throughout the movie. Great entertainment for the whole family.
Not what I expected from the movie but the 3D quality is good.
This movie was cute in parts but not as good as I thought it would be.
I admit, I didn't have high hopes for this one...but I was pleasantly surprised. My fam enjoyed it a lot...
The kids love it and now think our 2 dogs have a secret life of their own when we are away. Cute movie.
The first time I watch this movie I thought it was cute and worth watching and then the more I watched it with my kids the more I thought about the moral implications and I didn't end up liking it
Not a bad movie but not what I expected, but that is the way expectations go. I guess worth seeing once.
I thought the movie was good and funny with the different animals perspective on life.
bought it for my daughter and she seemed to like it...pretty sure my wife did too
Not one of my top favorite movies, but Kevin Hart helps add to the comedy making it bareable to sit through 20 times.
I was honestly skeptical about watching this. It looked funny but didn't look like it had a good story line. All in all, my kid's love it and that's all that matters....the rabbit is the best character
The automation is top notch but the story line is a bit to adult oriented. I think there are better choices. Overall I was a bit disappointed with the movie. The production qualities, however, are very good.
Not a bad movie.A good movie for kids.I expected more laughs.
Nothing too memorable here with this film, but it is entertaining for a rainy day!
Fun movie but not as good as Disney movies. Some will like it better than others.
Movie was good, had some low spots; wish I would have rented it first
I can't give a good review as I have not seen it yet. My 7yr old loved it.
This was a good movie for kids but not one of their favorites. I did not think it was that great on the adult level either compared to some other recent movies.
Was hoping for a funnier plot line than it was. Should have rented first.
good for small children not up to the standards of Pixar and others.
funny movie wife liked it great for the children yes
THIS MOVIE WAS NICE TO WATCH. BUT I PROBABLY WONT EVER WATCH IT AGAIN. I HEARD OTHER PEOPLE LOVED IT. IT WAS JUST OK FOR ME.
The kids loved the movie, its not my favorite film
When I seen the trailers I thought I had to see this movie. I honestly believe the best parts are in the trailers. Decent but not as good as I hoped.
This movie is cute, but I wish I had seen it before I bought it. I was not impressed with the movie. I kept it anyway, but you may want to watch it before you buy.
It's good. And just wasting characters. I want free points.
This movie is worth watching it wasn't great it was okay maybe I was expecting a lot more but it's worth watching
Started off cute but turned into hum drum disappointing.
Intended for kids, this is a fun movie for both adults and children.
This one was just okay to me. Not what I thought it was going to be from the previews. Okay for kids, I guess.
Cute movie for the kiddos. Not worth the regular price. Good thing I got it on sale.
So the story took a turn and got a little dark. Other than that it was okay.
Movie was ok. My kids loved it. That's all that matters
Movie was decent but I wasn't thrilled with some of the undertones.
Just alittle too much adult humor for young kids I think
Descent movie but kevin hart is way over the top and is becoming repetitive.
The funniest thing about the movie is the rabbit, and even that routine gets old quickly. Unfortunate that the best parts of the movie were all in the trailers and previews, so left nothing for the audience to discover.
There were some cute moments but I wish I had paid $6 at the theater vs $20 for a DVD I won't watch again I'm going to say yes to recommend just because kids might like it more...
As an adult- I love animated films. I love the concept of this movie so I went out to see it at the theater and in my opinion it was a bomb and boring- but upon watching it again on DVD with my nieces, I changed my mind because it did have some heart touching scenes and some laughs. Chris Rock is annoying but still an okay flick for the kiddos. A good add to the dvd library
Funny, hilarious and cute. A great movie for the whole family.
I really liked the commercials for this movie, but sadly I didn't like it quite as much as I had hoped I would. Cute, fluffy, and utterly forgettable. Like I totally forgot I had seen it kind of forgettable.
Really nothing special. Was hoping for something better, just a well worn plot.
This is a good movie for the whole family,a movie that portrays how animals feel
I was excepting a lot more. first have good, second half not so much.
I thought the movie wasn't as funny as other cartoon movies.
This movie was ok, the previews give to much away.
My wife and kids were really excited for this one but..... It didn't live up to it's potential. Very average. Not a complete waste of time but there were many better animated movies released this year.
WAS DISSAPPOINTED, THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE VERY FUNNY AND COULD WATCH IT WITH MY GRAND KIDS. BUT 1 IT IS NOT SUITABLE FOR CHILDREN AND 2 FOUND IT A LITTLE BORING, IN FACT TURNED IT OFF AFTER ABOUT 10 MINS!!
Meh, lots of bright colors for young kids, that's about it. Cute pets, with a very weak plot, this is just your standard Dreamworks Animation fare. Same old, same old, might as well be Ice Age 8.
This movie is entertaining for young kids. It is cute, but does become very long in places.
My kids love watching these movies. Can not wait until part 2 comes out
My son and i were very excited to see this movie. Was a tad disappointed but overall good movie.
Was funny but not as funny as I thought it would be, for small children there were some disturbing parts
Bought this for my kids they were so uninterested in this movie I didn't care for it rither
In my opinion my pioneer elite bluray player looks better than the Xbox one playing the 4K version. 4K version might not be worth the extra $10
I didnt really care for the movie but my kiddos liked it. My toddler liked it more than my older 2.
Movie was good and my children enjoyed it. I would not spend the money on 4K as the whites in the movie are way too bright and things seems to run together.
This was not as good as I thought it would be. The previews I saw of this movie for me was most of the funny parts of this movie. A good I saw it once type movie, but not something to watch over and over. If you've seen the previews, you have pretty much seen the entire movie.
We'll done, but maybe a bit scary in parts for little viewers.
A little slow moving for adults. Funny at times wondering if this what your pets think
This is a good family movie. Kids will definitely enjoy this.
good movie, just expected more from this movie, should just have rented it.
This is a good movie for kids. Not exactly what the previews would make you think it is about, but not too bad.
For the low price it had, who would of passed on it? Okay movie, but a good one to watch together with family.
It's an okay movie, graphics are amazing, story lacks a bit.
Good movie that's starts out great but turns a bit generic towards the middle.
Good movie overall, not much replay value. 4K: below average. HDR: below average.
I thought the movie was going to have a better story line, but it didn't. I was hoping for more humor but it was lacking.
Pets is a fun movie if you are a animal lover. It has cute and cool and appropriate for children's audiences. Also, if you are a illumatuon collector this one is a must buy because of its mini movies.
Cute animal characters, good plot. Funny yet heartwarming
I bought this movie because my kids love it. The movie is good and has some fun parts. However, it calls for a high definition transfer. I bought the DVD for the sale price.
Not a huge fan of animation movies. Bought it to see a 4k Animation movie. Sound is good picture is solid. Didn't like the voice acting tho or the story.
Great movie for kids, especially those with pets. The movie is cute - just expected more after seeing the cute/funny trailers
Movie was alright. I expected to see what pets do more around the individual house and how they interacted with each other.
I liked this movie but it seemed a lot like toy story only with dogs instead of toys.
As fas as animated movies goes, this movies is not bad.
My kids loved it, me and my husband not so much...
The movie isn't too bad. It has some parts that are pretty good. Kind of went to the the extreme in some areas where a smaller child would be confused. Not the best from the creators.
Cute but just so so on the entertainment scale. The voices were good, but the bunny was a little irritating.
Kind of overrated. Not up to the Standards set by Disney Pixar.
Watched in theatres. Bought as a gift. Fine for kids but i thought it was just ok
He was rolling when the old dog said a funny word - recommended for ages 6+
This turned out to be more of an action/adventure/comedy/love story. We were expecting more "secret life of pets" story not something with so much action. In my opinion this was kind of a disappointment.
Cute idea but all the best parts were in the previews.
Great story, awesome animation, but not as funny as the theater preview advertised. Maybe i need to watch it a few more times? My 2 dogs loved it though!
This was a very funny movie.entertaining for the whole family
This is an awesome movie. My daughter is a teen but we both enjoyed it.
A fun little movie thats good for children, but not much for adults
This one was just okay to me. My 10yo son loves it though. The moments about what pets get up to while owners are out were great but just couldn't connect with the overall story. Kind of lost interest. Great voice choices though.
It's an okay brand but not as soft as i would like. It is much better than the single ply by far. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
start with a clean slate, end with a full flush. whosh This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Got some a week ago it works great strong and last's long This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I switched to this this for the softness ans the quilting is a plus This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I bought last week and will buy again...I will also recommend to all my children..I love the softness
Cannot understand why the few in the pkg. come with thinner or even unmatched thinness and separation of paper sheeting's. Makes me angry and wasteful of product..
I like it because I never had to think of it on linr
While it is very soft, it seems too thick and soft and leaves pieces behind. We go through too much of this toilet paper since there is less feet per roll (or at least it seems) compared to the Regular blue Quilted Northern we usually buy. The paper seems to wad up.roll up when wet and then leaves those pieces here and there. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this one all the time, i prefer this name brand over others.
While it is still the best around, I find the quality to be different each time I buy it, especially if it on sale. It certainly is not always as soft as advertised, frayed edges, torn roll, etc.
My husband and I have been using this to let paper for years, and we love it. However, recently my husband made a comment about how much tp I am going through. Lol. As I was placing a new roll on the holder, I noticed something. The cardboard roll is much larger and there is, in fact, less paper on the rolls. Outwardly, it still looks as large, but when you look closely, there is about a quarter of the am out missing. The opening of the cardboard hole being larger makes it appear to be the same amount. It is not! I'm very unhappy about this...we buy the largest pack available bc I get paid once a month...now we are running out before usual! Can you please go back to previous roll size!!!
I would buy again and I will be recommend to others
My first time ever using a day or two ago at a friend's house, I liked it very, very much.
But fell apart easily went to soft and strong but now you've changed it. Looks like I won't be buying in the northern products at all anymore. I have to be very picky having ulcerative colitis
I buy it , however to large to fit on my roller will not fit in my toilet paper storage case. nice , but to large.
This is a good, middle of the road paper. It tends to disintegrate, which is not good for users, yet likely great for septic systems. The men in the family really like it, not so much the women, so it's apparently great for some uses. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My children couldn't get used to only needing a small amount so the toilet paper seemed to disappear quickly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's a shame that this lotion has such a strong, flowery fragrance because it seems like it works very well. I bought this because I really need a deeply moisturizing lotion during the winter. I also live in an area with hard water, which is harsh on my skin all year round, but it seems worse in the winter because of the cold. At the store, the scent didn't seem too strong but once you actually pump it out of the bottle the smell really hits you - and it lingers for hours and hours when you put it on. If you're sensitive to strong fragrances, you should NOT buy this product. I got a migraine within half an hour of using it the first time, and I ended up taking a shower shortly after to wash it off because I couldn't stand the smell. Fragrance is listed in the ingredients so I expected some sort of scent, but with a scent this powerful you would expect it to be advertised on the label. I avoid flowery-scented lotions because they almost always give me migraines, and I could have avoided this lotion if Nivea had advertised this as a scented lotion. If it seems like I'm harping on the scent too much, it's because this would have been the perfect lotion without it. Even though I washed the lotion off after about an hour of wear, my skin still feels very moisturized two days later. I haven't used any other products because I haven't needed to - even after taking a shower, which is usually when I need a moisturizer the most. This lotion has a smooth, easily-spreadable texture that absorbs well. My hands felt a little greasy after I applied it, but the rest of my skin felt fine and didn't stick to my clothes or feel gross. If you need a super-moisturizing lotion for a reasonable price and strong perfumes don't bother you, you'll probably like this lotion a lot. Unfortunately the fragrance is just too strong for me to even consider using it again. Thankfully I was able to return this to the store I bought it from, and I purchased an unscented heavy duty lotion from another brand instead. If Nivea ever makes an unscented version of this lotion, I'd be happy to try it again.
This product feels good on my dry skin, but has a very strong fragrance that actually makes me nauseous. I wish I could find its equal with no fragrance. Nivea, is there a fragrance free option
I loved this lotion here in high desert Utah but the fragrance which is actually quite nice irritates my skin. So if you're like me and you have a bad habit of touching your face a lot don't use this. Find some other lotion that is fragrance free. Hopefully Nivea will eventually market a fragrance free version because the lotion feels very nice and rich.
Great product but the scent kills it. With a great number of people looking for unscented products today, let alone products made with with more natural ingredients, does Nivea insist on adding perfumes to what would be outstanding products At least provide unscented versions. I think you'll see a boost in sales. Hence my 3 star rating.
I was really excited to try this lotion because I have horribly dry skin. It did moisturize my skin very well, but the smell of the lotion was horrid! I could smell it all day, and couldn't seem to get it off of my hands. Good moisturizer, bad smell!
I feel like I get this in every sample box I get from anyone. I could make a whole big bottle based off the little bottles I have
I was really excited to try this product! However, as I wrote in my review of the shampoo, this contains silicones, which is a no-no for my curly hair. I still gave it a shot. In conjunction with the shampoo, it did brighten my hair color (and smelled great!). I just won't be able to use it long term due to the silicones in it. Please come out with a silicone-free formulation! I received this product free for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes. The conditioner did not create as much slip as I needed to detangling my curly hair. It did smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This was really moisturizing and nice smelling and of course a great price, but i made my hair even more oily than it already gets. I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product was hard to rinse out of my hair but once it did, it left my hair feeling soft and less... fragile. The scent isn't harsh either. I received this product for free for testing and reviewing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner came to me as a free product for review from influenster. I wasn't super impressed, but it is nice. Smells good and made my hair soft. Just not anything that knocked my socks off. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The conditioner definitely mends broken ends! However, it does feel heavy on my fine hair and my hair begins to feel greasy a couple hours after I wash it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I liked the conditioner paired with the shampoo but I really like the repair mask. The conditioner didn't do as much I felt it should have. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like it, it works well, and is very easy to use. The color is good, and it blends with my skin naturally. It does have a tendency to smudge a little if I cry or my eyes water, but nothing that's not a quick fix. It's nothing miraculous, but it is definitely a decent product, but would only buy it again if the price were reduced by a couple dollars. It's made out to be more spectacular than it is (such is always the case, it seems). The biggest thing was I bought one, have had it for a couple months, it does last for quite a while, however, quite a bit of the liquid make-up leaks into the empty space of the tube when you twist it to get it out of the top (which means this is all make-up that is wasted, and I can't use since its trapped in between plastic). Also you need to rub it in quickly with your fingers, as it is a little thick, and it tends to dry VERY fast.
I'm having problem getting the concealer, to get into the sponge.
You need to listen to and heed these reviews. The product is great. It did a very good job of covering the large dark spot on my face. Much better than the more expensive products I've tried. But I only got about 3 applications from the very poor twist applicator. Then it stopped dispensing the concealer. I tried getting the top off to apply it manually but couldn't do it. So PLEASE. If you change the applicator I'll definitely buy it again.
This product did not impress me, especially the applicator. I cannot clean the sponge and I do not like the thought of bacteria on my sponges, especially when I am next applying it to my face. Nevertheless, the color did not impress me. It did not conceal as well as I heard it did. The colors are also a little to bright. I use this as a highlighter not so much a concealer.
I really liked the coverage this concealer gave, but it did not brighten my under-eyes because it is too dark for me.
I bought this about a month ago. It does not cover my dark circles and creases. It works for my friend, but for people with DARK circles, don't waste your money
I should have gotten a shade darker.
I bought this on a recommendation from the employee at Walgreens. Was Leary due to people saying not for women of color. Well I'm a dark skinned Hispanic with all kinds of gold undertones and a whole set of ljuggage under my eyes. I Love This product!! Matches my dark skin perfectly!! Packaging is horrible though. Broke same day.
I was pleased with the coverage and application, did hide dark circles...but alas, the tube stopped working only after 3 applications...no I did not use it all...I can see it in the bottle , but it won't dab out.
I bought this because the reviews said it was amazing and it covered so well. This concealer is average. It does cover some but definitely not everything. I can still see my dark circles after I apply this. You must add many layers before you can start to see some coverage. Not worth the price or hassle.
can crease...
I LOVE this stuff! hides what needs to be hidden, although it doesnt eliminate the spots for good, but it covers it up for hours. my only issue is, the part you twist to get the product up and out of the sponge breaks very easily! Im on my 5th tube and it broke everytime! i have to pry it open and keep it in a baggy to keep it from drying out to finish whats left of the product. proof this stuff is amazing enough to buy it again and again knowingly its going to break. I wish like crazy they would make the turning mechanizim's plastic more study so it wont break of you happen to twist to fast or squeeze to hard.
Comes out dry very quickly so it might look cakey if you don't blend quickly. I use it to cover my dark circle but it just cover a little bit, not entirely
I have heard SO much about this product on YouTube. I watched so many people apply this and it looked so pigmented. I purchased this in the color Light. I'm not sure if I have a bad one but this product is pretty sheer. The coverage is O.K. but not as good as a lot of other concealers that I have. I do not like the spongy ball at the top. I would much rather have a doe-foot applicator to apply this. I feel like the sponge soaks up too much product.
Creamy pigmented application. Product has a tendency to reflect light. Great for natural lighting. Watch out for the flash when taking photo's! In pictures that use flash, I always see this concealers placement under my eye area. Beware!
I really love the consistence and how well this brightens my under eye area but. very up set that both broke the twist part two weeks into having them. and then the twisted part started to come up I tried to see if I could put the product in a small jar I had so not to waste it but, it just don't work as well with out the top to blend it and no matter how hard I try it seem I get to much and have a hard time blending it. if this would break so easy I would say I have to by more to keep for back up but I fear doing that as two have already broke. Again the product it's self is amazing.
This was my first concealer I ever bought. I had bought the shade honey and it very light on me. I'm not a very dark person, but I think you should have more of an shade range.
Disappointed the color was very bright and instead of covering my dark circles it brightened them. I really had high hopes for this product.
This is a great product with awful packaging :( I love the coverage it delivers and it just glides across the undereye skin and it never settle into my lines or wrinkles. But after just a short time of using this product it stopped clicking up the product and just snapped off. The top red part just completely snapped off the base of the product and was no longer usable.
I loved this product, once I strained my eyes trying to read the white, very small print. I almost gave up and threw it away. It took many clicks to get the concealer started. I loved how it worked for 2 days, then it dried up and I can't use it.
I purchase this product about 1/month about every 3rd purchase the functionality of the product stops. It is a twist and apply product. Generally, I can get about 1/4 of the product used and the product will cease to dispense. Very frustrating!
I absolutely love this product, except for the fact that each time I buy it, the red plastic twister breaks to pieces. I bought my second one, thinking it was me, but after 1 week, it broke again. Very disappointed. Please figure out a new delivery system, since this product is worth it.
I came on this site to write to the company about this product. I am on my fourth concealer, after having two that failed--and I find others here who have had the same problem. This is a great concealer, best I've ever used. Please fix this!!
I've been using the Age Rewind concealer for a few months and generally really like it. My main complaint would be that it doesn't last long enough. I considered going back to the Super Stay, but it doesn't have the anti-aging ingredients..
I don't find myself reaching for this concealer, in my opinion its just okay i think the coverage is not that good as it is called eraser dark circles, you would think the coverage would be better, doesn't do what it claims in my opinion
I love the product inside the tube, if only it would all come out. Sometimes the twist top will last for half of the product and sometimes only a week. I end up taking the top off and using a Q-tip for the balance of the tube. Please fix!!!!
excellent product look and works
The lite has an external power supply, sometimes referred to as a brick but this one is small. So this will have power going through the power supply as long as it is plugged in. This is sometimes referred to as vampire power use. While the LED is a low power light, the power supply being plugged in all the time wastes power when the light is not in use. I was hoping to use an X-10 lamp or appliance controller to get past this power usage, however something about the power supply causes them to turn back on. So I just have to remember to unplug it when not in use. The light is white and bright enough. the only problem is wasting power when not in use and plugged in.
The base was real big. The neck was also bigger than I expected. Also the light is brighter than expected. Surprised all the way around I guess. So no, if I saw this at the store I would not have purchased it for my needs.
Love this movie, it's not well known but is a good horror movie for those who love suspense.
Like many of these films, a debt is owed to The Collector, the great Fowles novel that was turned into a film decades ago. Smart young thing, Rachel Nichols, stays late at the office on Christmas Eve. Her car is the only one left in the underground garage. Only she doesn't know that the night attendant has had a secret crush on her.Nichols gets to flex some of the muscles she learned on Alias. As she and her captor chase through the underground garage. He's more than mad because she wasn't appreciative of the microwaved dinner he'd prepared for her. Of course being chained doesn't help her mood.Nothing really unpredictable. But better than some of these formula pieces.
P2 is a fairly typical suspense flick but better than most and not as good as others. I thought this would be pretty brutal considering that Alexandre Aja(High Tension, Hills Have Eyes 2006) was attached to this one. But it was not as brutal as I had hoped for. But all in all pretty good movie. Wes Bentley hit the creep mode in this really well. He did an excellent job of playing a creep and his facial expressions and the way that he talked was very creepy. Overall I liked this one and recommend it if your in the mood for a suspense thriller and not a slasher flick.
This item is sicky sweet, with a gooey sauce. Acceptable if in a hurry.
I have been a faithful consumer of SS Chicken for a number of years but today the balance of ingredients was totally different and I am wondering if this is a permanent change. There was a lot more rice than normal...and a lot less sauce...the result being that I ate mainly vegetables and bland white rice. Please don't change the product permanently as it has always been my absolute favourite...if this is a permanent change I can no longer buy or recommend
I thought this dish had too much sauce that was very salty.
Not bad meal but not quite Asian. I liked the pineapple tidbits and chicken. The sauce stretch over the rice making it a complete meal. The sauce seemed composed to be vinegar, sugar, and ketchup.
I love almost everything about the Asian product line. Bolder flavors, unique herbs/spices, etc. This one should be there, conceptually, but fell a bit short of the mark. Quality is fine flavors were a bit flat overall.
I have been wanting to try this line from L'oreal and finally purchased the shampoo and conditioner. I have to admit, the scent is way too perfume-ish for me, but the conditioner works wonders on my damaged hair.
I bought this and was really excited to use it, since it was larger in size. But I put celery in it and the celery went bad after a few days. I did everything right when I put the celery in the container but it still went bad.
Love the containers and their sizes but they are hard to seal and when you do get a seal they will leak down after a day or 2. Lost a few items due to this. They also stain if you microwave in them.
I like the size, shape, and variety of bowl sizes. For some reason the air does not stay out. The pop up indicator shows when the air is sucked out, but the next day it is in the pop up position indicating that the container has air in it. The food remains fresh.
Love the look and that they stack on top of each other. Very hard to seal, have to push down very hard to get a tight seal.
I have used these and several times I pull them out of the fridge and the vacuum is gone. Cannot understand why the containers don't hold the vacuum
I bought this and was really excited to use it, since it was larger in size. But I put celery in it and the celery went bad after a few days. I did everything right when I put the celery in the container but it still went bad.
When I can actually get the unit to seal, it works really well. If you don't get the lid on just right you can't suck the air out. There's no good way to know if the lid is on correctly or not until you try to vacuum the air out and the button doesn't pop for a while. You also don't know if it's because the lid isn't on right, the cap underneath isn't on right, or the vacuum attachment isn't lined up right. Sometimes is just downright frustrating trying to get the seal to work.
My first use resulted in failure. Neither container would snap closed and would not hold the seal longer than one day. Customer service sent me replacements and they seem to be working. Still don't snap closed but staying sealed. Not sure how cleaning the little parts and replacing them will work, but we'll see. I like the design.
I purchased this set 2 months ago. I like the celery keeper. It keeps its vacuum just fine. I have had celery in there for a month and it still looks great. The other smaller containers do not hold their seal. So not much need for those accet for left overs you will use right away. Yes I did read the instructions on how much food to put in them. I an't really recommend the smaller containers because I am not happy with them. I would how ever recommend the celery keeper.
These would be great for a big family with a big refrigerator. They take up too much space and I would never be able to fill any one of them. There is just us 2 seniors and we don't have that many leftovers or fresh veggies. Again it would be great for a large family with a very large refrigerator.
These containers do keep produce fresh longer, but they really only work well IF you buy the inserts, which are NOT included. Personally, I think they should be included instead of needing to but them separately.
The green mats should come with the container Also very hard to open when vacuum released I also have one that stoped holding Vacuum
I bought this set a little over a month ago and 2 of the 4 containers lose their seal after a day or so. The other 2 keep the seal and I love them. Will be contacting the company to try and get a solution/resolution to this problem
i purchased 4 of them and they all don't stay sealed i have to re seal them often other than that they are great containers
These containers are sturdy and do stack nicely. I got the set, and even the largest container isn't big enough to store most of what I'd like to try storing. Also, I've tried sealing containers containing a variety of produce and have yet to find the containers still under vacuum the next day.
This is a great size however, I thought the vegetable tray was included. Also, I find it very difficult to get a good deal.
I have had 2 and both lids have cracked. I hand wash, but both have cracked. The smaller ones are fine. It must be a production error
Just purchased these and they look really good. My only problem is that the suction appears to only last for one day so I am constantly suctioning the container each day.
I bought the Fresh Container, 4-Piece Set. They seem much better made then the older ones I have. Looking forward to using them soon. I am a little disappointed that no produce trays were included. I purchased them online and there was numerous pictures of the 10 cup container with the produce tray in it and I assumed it was part of that container. After closer review of the listing of this item if you scroll down towards the bottom in fine print is says they are sold separately.
The vacuum seal has failed after a couple days in the fridge. I doesn't always fail, but I have to check it to make sure
I received this FoodSaver Fresh Obtained set for Christmas after eyeing them for months. I opened the box immediately, I found the little black adapter that fits right over the gray sealing end of my hose (nice!). I tried the long 10cup container first only to find I had to fiddle fiddle with the lid to get it on right before it FINALLY seaed. I never heard an SNAP like the directions indicated on any of the containers. After much (too much) frustration, I finally got them all sesled. They do appear to stay sealed when empty I have used a couple in the fridge that are still sealed after 2 days. After reading other reviews, it seems I will have to check the seals often. This set is not NEARLY as easy to use as previous FoodSaver containers. I have very weak arms hands so this is a big deal. The older style containers were easy to plop the lid on, seal, go! I have to wedge a spoon between the lid bottom to remove the lid after the seal has been released. Time will tell if these new improved containers are worth the money frustration. I would return them but it'll cost too much for me to ship them back.
I am disappointed in the way these work. First, they don't seem to last as long as the canisters. My pineapple and french bread both molded within a week of sealing and keeping in a refrigerator. They are also very difficult to open. Once you let the air out, there is a good grip on the lid and really isn't a place to grab hold of it to open it.
First purchase for my new foodsaver. Disappointed that one of the new cannisters does not stay sealed Darn it.
We vacuum seal this container and the dimple goes down and remains down, indicating the seal worked. Within an hour we open the refrigerator and the dimple is back to original position and vacuum is not present. Happens on all these containers that we purchased.
I bought these a month ago, I have had trouble with the vacuum seal staying sealed. When I put them in refrigerator they seem to take more space because they do not stack well. I love the deli and sandwich containers.
Second time I've purchased. I still have sketchy luck with sealing the containers. I wish the list of foods that can or can't be sealed was more extensive. On the plus side, the size is good, and they do stack nicely to conserve space.
They don't always seal after they are reopened. I have had to hold down on the top while the air is being vacuumed out.
I have had a number of these containers over the past year. When they work, they are outstanding containers with no deformation that have ruined previous Foodsaver containers. The primary issue I have with these containers is that some of the lid valves have slow leaks. It is very frustrating to buy vacuum seal containers that have lids that leak. I would estimate that 30 of the lids leak. I may have solved this issue, though only time will tell. If I put a few drops of olive oil on the valves after removing the plastic valve cover, the leakage appears to have stopped, at least for now. It will be very difficult to recommend this product because when they do not leak they are terrific but leakage is so prevalent with this product.
I really like them compared to others but the lids have to be on just right to work...sometimes have to rotate them to get them to seal or push very hard to get the seal to work. If you get it right the first time they seal quickly but often you have to finesse them to get the vacuum to form.
Used 10 and 8 cup containers to store berries on the counter. Over night the vacuum failed on the 10 cup. Over the 24+ hr. storage time I had to revacuum all containers at least once or more. Wondering if this is a design problem or what is contained somehow affecting vacuum. I inspected sealing ring, etc as per instructions and all appeared ok. I have used foodsaver products for many years and would not hesitate to recommend them highly but I'm unsure about this product at this time.
I purchased 3 sets and did not realize that there were no freshness inserts with the order. Okay, that's on me for not reading further. However, I have been searching the site and the inserts are not easily found. I feel that, with the set or as an added bonus for purchasing so many sets, at least one insert should have been included. If for no other reason, than to give the consumer a chance to see if the inserts really make a difference. Also, they should be simple to find - perhaps an easily accessible link where you would purchase the set I won't say whether I recommend or not until I see how well these items perform and if they last - we had to throw away some of the other clear hard plastic containers after they developed stress cracks and wouldn't seal correctly. I am hoping that these last longer.
Love them but after suction bubble is sucked down it sometimes releases while it's in fridge. Is air seeping in
I love saving money not throwing so much food away. The coffee stays fresher too! However, I have a very hard time opening the lid without straining almost hitting myself in the head as I pull my hand up from pulling so hard.
Foodsaver is great! I like the containers a lot. They are practical. I bought few in the past. PROBLEM: They crack and leak. These new type are adrvertised as crack resistant. Unfortunately, they are not crack resitant at all.
These containers are sturdy and do stack nicely. I got the set, and even the largest container isn't big enough to store most of what I'd like to try storing. Also, I've tried sealing containers containing a variety of produce and have yet to find the containers still under vacuum the next day.
We vacuum seal this container and the dimple goes down and remains down, indicating the seal worked. Within an hour we open the refrigerator and the dimple is back to original position and vacuum is not present. Happens on all these containers that we purchased.
The sizes aren't convenient. For example, I would like to use the 10 cup with tray for lettuce wraps because of the length. Even without the tray, the container doesn't hold even a small package of lettuce.
If they seal, it's great. When they don't, it's not. I have yet to find the 'trick' to get these to seal. Sometimes they seal right away. Sometimes they don't seal at all. I have to play with the green push button and play with the rubber seal indicator. Then sometimes they'll seal and sometimes they still don't seal. These sizes are much better than the 10Qt container. The 10 qt containers are really difficult to get to seal. It's got to be a design flaw somewhere. I'm so diappointed. But I do like the ability to stack these and the shape. They fit so much better and so much less space in my refrigerator with this shape.
Way overpriced. Nothing wrong with the actual item. Go to burts bees website they have brought back cocoa for 5 a piece!
These look nice, the colors are vibrant, but don't expect them to last very long before they are stretched out. I maybe got 2 or 3 uses out of them before they had gotten flimsy. They're not super tight to begin with either.
This is a good western....after all, James Stewart is in it...........But its not in a league with Far Country or Winchester 73'............I would, however, recommend it..........................
Was prescribed benzoyl peroxide for backne I develop after a sweaty gym workout. This stuff does the job. Compared to 4.95 a tube for the same thing at WalMart, and it doesn't get shipped with three tube loose in a box that causes the caps to unscrew and product to smear out.
Has a new fragrance reminiscent of cucumber melon, which is so bad I don't even know what to do with myself. I add about 1/4oz of tea tree oil (which is good for acne) to the bottle and shake it up for a few minutes and it totally masks the crappy fragrance and it smells great now!
It does make your hair shine, but it will flatten out a curl for a fine, straight-haired gal/guy. Be careful not to spray close or too much or it will make the hair look greasy. Even though i am not african american, i would think this might be perfect for Afro hair that wants shine. So i would recommend it for naturally curly hair or very thick dry hair.
Would like better if it was more solid, flavor is ok
This product was recommended to me over the usual tuna in water. I did like the richer flavor, but it is not worth the price or calories. The tuna in vegetable oil tastes the same and the tuna in water is much better.
this album was ok it was really not their best the first one was alot better this one was really as titled pretty odd so mabey that was why they named it that but if your a fan you should buy it and to others i would suggest it but it wont be the best you have ever heard.
This Album Is Good But Not Nearly The Same As The First Album By Them.
This product is not as good as the Neutrogena Rapid Tone corrector with moisturizer.
One week isn't a fair enough trial. No improvement so far.
The movies themselves are very entertaining but whenever I try to download the digital copies I get a message saying that they are not available for download yet. I've tried several different providers (Flixster, uvvu, etc.) and I keep getting the same message. Grrr... still waiting for a resolution from both Flixster and UVVU.
Not a movie critic but have seen better as this tyoe of movie goes.
Okay series. Wish the set came with breaking dawn.
The movies themselves are very entertaining but whenever I try to download the digital copies I get a message saying that they are not available for download yet. I've tried several different providers (Flixster, uvvu, etc.) and I keep getting the same message. Grrr... still waiting for a resolution from both Flixster and UVVU.
I didn't notice any more stains coming out than normal. It smells good and cleans the clothes well like Tide always does. It isn't any worse than other formulas of Tide. Just nothing super special to me. I also tried the tabs you can put in your laundry to boost and they didn't work either. Tide still smells the best though :)
I buy Tide in the largest size and more than once the caps leak all over my dryer, floor, the bottle, if I don't put it upright after I draw some liquid. I think the caps are poorly designed. And, yes, I loosen the cap before drawing the soap and tighten afterward. It still leaks.
You changed the Original scent, and it's horrible, just like everyone here has pointed out. Then you told us to buy the updated Mountain Spring scent, which does smell like the original Original. And now that's gone. What's up PG I'm not sure who you're testing your scents with, but perhaps its time to start sampling the general public. Most of your scents are terrible. If it weren't for the fact that Tide performs better than most other detergents on the market, I'd be dumping you altogether. I've switched to Free Gentle honestly, though, I like a little bit of fresh (not nauseating) scent when I do laundry, and it's disappointing you keep missing the mark there.
I have been a Tide brand loyalist for years and even got my mom to switch to it after using a bargain brand for 20 years. I've noticed in the last two bottles I've bought that the product is no longer removing stains and getting my clothes as clean--in fact the fabrics seem a bit stripped. I thought maybe I was using the concentrated product wrong, but I'm not. I'm very dissapointed and with the economy I'm not sure I can justify an expensive product that no longer does the job. Perhaps you should return to the original formula...
I've always thought Tide was the best clothes cleaner and when I recently received my new HE washer, I was very disappointed at the HE Tide packaging. It is difficult to distinquish between old washer and HE detergents.
I was so disappointed when my husband brought home the HE turbo original and it smelled NOTHING like the true original scent :( Come on tide!!
This is my 3rd container of the pods. The first 2 were great. About 2/3rds of this container is still attached to each other. When trying to get them apart, they burst, causing a mess.
I was so excited to get to try these new Pods because I love the fresh scent of Tide, and how it lasts on clothes even after the dryer. Well, now my bubble has been busted, my clothes didn't smell like anything. What a downer. While the product did produce clean clothes, I would not spend the extra money to switch to these. I'll keep my regular Tide liquid. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just tried the new pods. Noticeably brighter colours, but the scent is horrible! Smells like cheap overpowering perfume. It's SO strong! I had to rewash to get rid of it. Please please make an unscented version of this.
I really like these new Tide Pods but I can't stand the smells. I'm really hoping they decide to make them unscented or original scent. The odor is overpowering to me. But they work great!
I tried the Tide Pods for the first time today, I have to admit the clothes came out clean, fresh, and soft, but there were remnants of the plastic still in my colored clothes. I thought this was suppose to dissolve
The spout leaks after shutting off the valve and it leaks around the spout no matter what. I've tried leaving it down, sitting it upright etc. So, if you don't mind wiping up after using it, it's a good buy.
I love tide and thought these new pods would work great. Fortunately I didn't have a problem with them staining my clothes (not that I've noticed anyway). I did however have to pop the pods to get them to open up. They cleaned my clothes but they didn't leave the fresh Tide smell that I look forward to when doing laundry. I think I will stick with Tide liquid detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The pod is a cool idea. Three types of washing liquid packed into one pod. It was easy to do my laundry. I threw in a normal load. The load was done and then dried. Laundry smelled wonderful. Felt very clean. Stains removed. The brightener brightened light colors and dulled the dark colors. I would not recommend using the pods for anything dark colored. Otherwise, it's a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this product is very easy to use. I like that you don't have to lift a heavy detergent bottle. it is also very clean to use. no messy detergents
I like our new front loader and the Tide HE products with one exception. After a good gym workout, tee shirts don't seem to get clean enough. As a result, they develop a sour smell that appears when the shirts get damp either from rain or perspiration. Tide with bleach did a great job when we had a top loader. I hope that a bleach or bleach alternative product is in the works for front loaders.
I used to love tide. I have used it for years. I used to work as a nurse, and tide could get anything, and I mean anything out. and now with four kids, it works great on the stains they get on their clothes. my favorite thing about tide, though, was the smell. I loved it! but now, the new scent makes me want to find a new detergent. the flowery smell gives me a headache. bring back the old smell!!!!
I have a front loader so I have to buy the HE tide and I would love to see it available in all of the same scents as the regular. I would have definitely gave 5 stars if the HE was available in the mountain spring scent. Also I agree that you need to change the bottles so we can tell the difference between HE and regular because I myself have grabbed the regular and didn't realize my mistake until already using it.
I always wash in warm water, and these have left stains on some of my clothes twice. At first I thought something was left behind in a pocket, but the 2nd time I knew it was the pods. At first I thought they were ruined, but simply washing them again removes the stain. I think the blue part must not be dissolving quick enough in some of the packets. This is my 3rd box of Pods, and its only happened twice. Still...It was really unnerving when it happened.
I bought this in error, as I do not have an HE washer. The lack of suds makes it difficult for me to tell how well it's cleaning. In my opinion, suds clean better. Next time, I'll read the label.
I used the new Tide pod yesterday in one load of laundry. The only complaint I have is that it didn't seem to completely dissolve from the laundry compartment. I only use Tide detergent but I will probably continue using the traditional HE liquid detergent. I am also perplexed that the Tide pods are good for both HE and non-HE washing machines. Why is there such an emphasis on using only HE detergent in an HE machine yet the pods works the same in both machines That doesn't make any sense to me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I haven't seen a specific improvement to my daughter's clothes. She is a toddler and I never see all of the stains to pretreat them. After washing a couple of loads in the acti-lift by Tide I have decided that overall they are clean, they of course smell good, but there is no noticeable improvement on stain removal. Looks like as always I am going to rely on oxy to pretreat! Keep trying Tide, at least you get clothes cleaner then most brands!
I have been noticing areas on my blue and dark tan towels where it appears that they have have been in contact with bleach. The spots have an orangish color. Even a new set of towels that I had just washed once had some of these spots. Just wondering if the spots could be caused by the pods. I can think of no other thing that could have caused this problem. Otherwise, I like them very much
I fully embrace the concept of pods pacs and quickly rushed to market to buy try the new products. Unfortunately, with a HE washer, I'm discovering that the pods pacs are not fully dissolved rinsed away when the cycle ends. These are probably fantastic on long wash loads that use more water, but for short cycles, I am re-washing the load to dissolve the remaining residue. Maybe specially formulated HE pacs pods would show improvement or mini pods for smaller loads.
3 ruined shirts and one ruined pair of pants. The pods left a blue stain that cannot be removed.
Got a sample and I didn't see much difference between the pods and the liquid Tide. Since I only had 2 pods, that wasn't much reference to base a review on. So, I decided to pick up the pods at the store last week. I've used 3/4 of the 31 pack, and I have noticed a decrease and a complete lack of suds in certain loads. I do not OVERLOAD the washer I do 3/4 loads so everything has room to move. I have to use 2 pods per cycle and send the wash through another rinse cycle. And, there is absolutely no hint of fragrance. Not that I mind there was no scent (as I cannot use perfumed detergents without a reaction), but I did get Ocean Mist and expected at least a hint of fragrance. After washing the clothes, and before I sent them around to rinse again, there was NO scent at all. However, it does appear to do better on stains and does brighten the clothes, which is a positive. I haven't had the booger mess, or pod dissolving issues, so I consider myself lucky. One thing I would like to point out is the lack of a free and clear version. While this did not cause any additional irritation (no more than if I used regular Tide detergent), I would have liked to had the option of a fragrance/perfume free pod. I will continue to buy Tide products, but I will be switching back to the Free and Clear liquid detergent. I would recommend this to friends as it does help with stains and boosts the color, but would also point out the disadvantages as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tide pods are not dissolving in my new front loading washer! Change the formula please!
Why is Tide pods making my white t-shirts purple, also my husbands undershirts under the arms
Like tide products but not the pods because of the plastic coating, which does not dissolve.
I was really excited to try the new Pods product and was disappointed with the scent. I love the idea of the Pods and the convenience they offer but I will stick to Tide liquid. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
1 dose of Tide HE Turbo Clean in quick cycle vs. 6 doses of the next leading liquid HE compatible detergent in normal cycle.
Several pods stuck together and when I tried to separate them they burst, squirting me and the counter! Considering their price, I don't want to waste even one
This product makes doing laundry so quick and easy! Just drop a pod and you're done!
While I love the idea, the scent is too strong. I have used packets like this and have been much happier with the smell but not as happy with the cleanliness. These on the other hand are way too strong on the smell. Be careful which scent you pick up.
This product is what I want to use for now I like the smell stay longer and feels fresh specially when I use for my sheets ! I'll try to buy this product next time !
I think that pods are too sudsy for HE washers, they are problably better for top loaders. Does anyone have this complaint I love the smell though, and they do clean well. I dissolve the pods in warm water, before I put the clothes in. I would give it a higher rating if they were not so sudsy.
love tide packets they are easy to use and there is no drippy mess or left over liquid that you can not get out.
I need my thing be done correct and easy as pie. I don't like to bother with the small stuff but my cloth are important to me. Look correct and smell good is need. Tide they know me. They know what I want and what I need. Got dang it this is good and don't think go. Now!!
it seems like the pods don't always dissolve completely. in three separate washes, we found residual from the pod on an item of clothing. We always use cold water and maybe that is why The residual left on 2 of the pieces even showed some of the blue color. I am sad oit made laundry so easy. I will be going back to using liquids only.
This would be a great buy for families, but for those who do not always have a full load , I feel like i am spending to much for the amount of detergent i would be using .I like to determine how much detergent i am using. I have always used tide and hope that you will still the liquid. Thank you for the sample This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Do not use in cold water, it never dissolves. I have to smash it every time with my hand or the blue stains light colored clothing. They need to fix this. It works great on warm and hot temps, but they really need to correct the cold water problem as their statement of working in hot and cold is not accurate.
I've swtiched from using Tide twice in my life and have always returned. I don't think that a good product should be changed time and again by adding this and that or trying to keep up with what other companies are doing to their products such as adding different fragrances, acti-lift, etc.
I agree with EconomyBuyer here in Memphis, TN. Tide needs to come out with a variety scents. The original is not a strong fresh smell like I would want. However, I do trust that Tide cleans well.
I've been using pods for 6 months we have well water so it's nice to just pop in a pod and not have to use a ton of different products. However i have had a few not dissolve all the way only when washing large blankets though..after reading other reviews Iam worried about them clogging my front load washer due to the fact that we already have hard water to fight
The pod would have been better without a scent. I do not like perfumed detergents. Easy to use.
I love powdered Tide and loved the hard Tide cube that used to be available maybe 6 () years ago so when I got the new pod in the mail I was eager to try it. I have to say I like it not love it. It reminds me of the pods I use for my dishwasher but when I threw it into my washer I was worried it wouldn't dissolve because it didn't at first. Finally, tired of waiting I threw in my clothes. They came out clean and smelled great and to my relief there was no sticky pod stuck to my clothes! It is easy to use but I still love my powder and would love to see the hard cube brought back. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been a Tide brand loyalist for years and even got my mom to switch to it after using a bargain brand for 20 years. I've noticed in the last two bottles I've bought that the product is no longer removing stains and getting my clothes as clean--in fact the fabrics seem a bit stripped. I thought maybe I was using the concentrated product wrong, but I'm not. I'm very dissapointed and with the economy I'm not sure I can justify an expensive product that no longer does the job. Perhaps you should return to the original formula...
Pods are pricey, but make doing the laundry very easy. No messy powder or liquid to deal with anymore.
This cap is almost impossible to read while pouring the product into the cap. I have resorted to using a flashlight. Very inconvenient.
I love Tide anything. It is the best detergent around. If they leave out the water why does it cost so much If the cost was comparable to their bottled detergent I would definitely switch.
The pods do not melt even when using hot water. They have stained my sheets, clothes and towels.
I really like the convenience of Tide Pods, you cannot get around it. They are small, efficient, and great for people who live in apartment buildings where you have to transport your laundry to the laundry room. However, I am frustrated that no where on the instructions does it say to put the Pod in prior to loading the washing machine it just says pop it in. I have had a number of issues with it not fully dissolving since I've placed the Pod in after loading. Now that I've done what seems like too much research, I have found it's recommended to put it in prior to loading. This is obviously an easy solution, but frustrating that it is not spelled out on the container. As this is a new product on the market, Tide cannot assume everyone would know how to use them.
Would be helpful if we knew exactly how many to use at laundromats with many different machine size/loads. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tide HE works great. I have no issues with performance. My problem is that all the way to work this morning, I was assaulted by the strong scent of Tide HE. Why do you have to make it so fragrant Fresh is fine but I do not want Tide to be my cologne!
love the concept, not quite sold yet. i have a he washer and after my load of clothes were done, i opened the washer door to find the tide pod shell resting on the base of the rubber door stopper/sealer. it was a messy clump of goo. not giving up on it yet, will have to try another pod to see if it happens again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really like the pods, they clean well, and leave a great scent on the clothes. I have been using the pods for about 6 months. I have recently noticed white streaks on T-shirts, towels and sheets. They are permanent and look like bleach marks. I never use bleach as I am on a well/septic system. I am very careful to follow instructions to avoid this sort of damage to garments. I see other reviews mention purple or blue marks, although I did not read every review to see if anyone else has experienced the white markings.
I bought the 72 count Tide Pods and for the first 3/4 of the container was very pleased. I have bought the All brand and quit because the pods busted and created a huge mess. My purpose in purchasing these is to keep my laundry room neater, my children do the laundry and can be careless with powder or liquids and it has been a constant battle. I was really disappointed that as we reached the end of the container some of the pods were busted and it makes such a sticky mess and there are pods that stick together which causes more of a mess.
I'm glad Tide looks to do better things for the consumer, but when they make Tide and then sell additives to make it better I question that. Why not just make the Tide as good as it would be with the additives Buy one product not two. It seems if they thought this new Acti Lift was so good, it would replace the not-so-good regular Tide they plan to improve on. They'll learn one day that having too many options on the store counters will run consumers to a product with less options.
Didn't notice any better smell to bedding. Only had medium size load in washer, and there was just a hint of suds. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Used the tide pod and it worked just fine. Can't say it's any better then the Tide from the bottle. It saves the step of measuring it out. Honestly I think all and all it's the same fluid in a new package. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I bought the pods for my daughter at college, thought it would be easier for her, it was, until.... she got white splotches on her favorite pair of jeans and her new towels! She was very upset. It's a great idea, just may need a little more work :)
I have never used it before, but this PODS is actually convenient to use and my laundry felt more clean afterwards.
I didn't find anything special about the detergent. My clothes smelled great, but I haven't found that they're any brighter or less stained. I'll probably stick to my regular liquid detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Too expensive and shouldn't need perfumery if it's doing its job. With liquid you can use a little or a little more without doubling or tripling the amount. Tried the pods recently. Wasn't impressed.
I wasn't really impressed with the product. I didn't find that it got my clothing any cleaner than the less expensive detergent that I buy. I used to buy Tide but then I realized that I was really paying for the name and not necessarily for a better product. I may consider using Tide again in the future when I actually have the money to spend on it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Have used it several times, but I am getting marks on some clothing. Is the POD suppose to dissolve before loading clothes I have 'splotch' marks on a few clothing items and a towel appears to have 'bleach' markings on it. I like the convience of the product, but if it continues to ruin my clothes, I will go back to the liquid. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use the pods in a HE washer but every once in a while I have a pod wrapper stuck on my clothes.. infact it just about a few min ago, I threw a load of darks in and when the washer was down I pulled everything out and on my new black shirt the remains of the pod was still stuck on it... so I took it to the sink and rinsed it with hot water and did some rubbing and it came out but to be on the safe side I decided to wash with the next load... is anyone else having this problem This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I didn't notice any more stains coming out than normal. It smells good and cleans the clothes well like Tide always does. It isn't any worse than other formulas of Tide. Just nothing super special to me. I also tried the tabs you can put in your laundry to boost and they didn't work either. Tide still smells the best though :)
As all others who have used this product almost all their lives I have been a staunch Tide user. However since Tide has come out with so many other products my feeling is that they have removed the cleaning power of their original formula thus forcing the customer to buy all the additives. I am disappointed with this strategy and when I finish the Tide I have on hand I will either try the new Acti-Lift , smallest size, before I switch to another brand.
I am a long time user and advocate of liquid Tide and believe it cleans the best. I have a front loader HE machine which is efficient and received my sample and was excited to give the pod a try. Oh my gosh, as we speak I am doing a white load in hot water/steam. My entire drum is a mass of suds, you can not see any clothes for all the suds. My machine is warning me to use HE detergent and attempting to remove the suds. I have never had this happen w/ the liquid, I followed instructions, threw the pod in and then the clothes then started my machine. I have no doubt the clothes will be clean however. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tide Pod was no better or worse than what I use now. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have tried other so-called economical brands but they don't leave clothes as fresh and clean as Tide.
I liked the ease of using the pod, but I won't use it again unless the pods come unscented. I buy unscented liquid Tide and would like the Pods to come unscented too.
As far as cleaning goes, this is easy and complete. Will Tide come out with an unscented option I find the residual scent too strong, not to mention the smell while the laundry is cleaning.
i liked getting this product but I use Tide to pour on stains in my laundry so I would have to buy both types and that would be very expensive
The pod does not dissolve when used in cold water.Works well in hot water.
I brought this product thinking that it would help me with wastefulness.I have teenagers that pour without measure. I brought the biggest quantity without smelling it first. I HATE THE SCENT. IT ALMOST SMELL LIKE THE CLOTHES ARE SOUR.
i like the easy and one stop method of this product but the only thing i noticed was the scent needed to be a bit stronger.. but i do like strong scents so the clothes smell fresh all day long that you wear them, that is the clean i like This review was collected as part of a promotion.
PG you've done it again. First you changed the original scent of Downy a few years back and now you've changed the original scent of Tide. Why change a good thing Why not just come out with a new scent instead of changing a classic Since y'all probably won't change the scent back like Downy hasn't switched back even after losing many long time customers, I have an idea. Why not come out with a Tide and Downy classic scent For those of us who never thought the scents needed to be changed in the first place. I'll still buy other Tide scents and other PG detergents, ONLY because all other detergent brands smell like glass cleaner to me. But I'm not happy about the scent change and I think it says a lot about what Tide and PG think of their customer's full satisfaction.
I like Tide pods so easy to use and no measuring. Wish I could get a few more to try on different wash loads. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
A tip for all front load washer users, make sure the pod is in the back bottom of the drum, my pod got stuck in the front of the machine then never used all soap from the pack. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works as well as regular tide without the mess. Only downfall is having to use two pods for large loads (all of my laundry loads). This makes it more expensive than the Tide liquid.
I have to agree with your previous posters, too many formulas, scents, etc. I have found myself purchasing the original powder for the last 6 months in order to not be surprised by yet another overpowing and not too pleasant scent. Turns out the oldie IS a goodie! I love the simple, clean scent and it's a bargain.
I love Tide because it cleans goods and leaves a nice scent on my laundry. I started using the Pods and noticed some bleach looking streaks on some of the darker clothes. I realized that it was the pods not melting enough. I put the pod on the bottom and the laundry on top, which ever item of clothing that land on top of the pod seems to get the damage.
New product was very easy to use. However we had no idea as to what size laundry load to use it with. the phrase most loads' doesn't hack it. Sorry
One, I LOVE LOVE LOVE TIDE and am such an avid consumer of it, it's like a mom to JIF or something. However, it IRKS me that their is no scent that comes in MOUNTAIN SPRING. WHY!! Additionally, I had received samples of a different brand of the same type of thing with shockingly better results. Not better enough for me to switch from Liquid Tide, but still... I was annoyed/ am annoyed... :/ This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I would like to know how you can change the scent of your original detergent, your flagship scent and still call it original scent without any type of label change to the bottle. The new scent in the Tide original bottle is absolutely horrid. You had a great thing going with the original scent why mess with it Seriously debating switching from Tide. You need to get that new stuff off store shelves and bring back the original scent, in order to keep customers.
I like Tide because it cleans well with little residue but it is expensive compared to other brands. So when I need stain lifting I always buy the powder. Making that paste works and their color safe Tide is great. However, with Acti-Lift I did not see the results I hoped for and agree with the other customers Cheer is lighter cleaner and less expensive. I do not need all the dyes and colors in my laundry when trying to remove stains. Less is more!
I would love to have the option to buy smaller pods. We have a front loader washer and a water softener that require very little water and detergent for a wash cycle. With the Tide HE liquid detergent I currently use, I am at least able to control the amount of liquid detergent needed but it is a little messier. If the pods were offered in a smaller size, I would use the pods exclusively. I would have given this product 5 stars instead of 3 if the pods came in a smaller size.
Pods are a quick and easy way to do your laundry. You just toss one in, put in the Downy in either the Downy Ball or a Softener Dispenser, and walk away. The Package says it contains Stain removers and brighteners. I have to say that it may contain these, but I'm not seeing the brightness or the stain removers at work in my finished laundry. You would have to boost it more with the Stain Boosters or the pre-treat, and as for the brightener, I'm not sure what to use for that outside of the usual suspects of either baking soda, hydrogen peroxide, or vinegar. (Not all together though. That's asking for trouble.) In other scents, and adding the Downy or even maybe adding in some Febreeze to the Pod, this looks to be a great product, though. For my own wash needs, it doesn't completely do everything that I need it to do like the other liquid forms of Tide would do, like odor removal for my sweats, and bleach alternative for my colors, but it is a nice form for a quick, I need it in like three hours and don't want to be fumbling with a cap to measure out the soap. Also, it would be a good, quick travel laundry soap, should you have to wash some clothing because you simply need that outfit that you wore a couple of days ago because you're going somewhere nice and forgot to pack another nice outfit. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the pods BUT I too have the problem of the blue staining some clothes. It's ruined several items so now I only use for dark clothes which means I have to buy 2 types of detergent. I'm going to look for a different brand of pod, with light colors in the formula.
I was given this as a free sample to test. However, my washing machine does not have a quick cycle. It is about 5 years old (Samsung HE front load). I used this detergent as a substitute for my ordinary detergent. I feel as though it performed as well, but I still prefer the scent of the Tide with Downy Sweet Dreams detergent over this. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I personally prefer liquid for the flexibility when I wash a smaller or larger load.
I started doing my family's laundry (7 of us) when I was 14, and always hated measuring and adding things at different times in the cycle. Pods are great except, when i got to the middle of the container most of them were stuck together in clumps of 3 or 4. I think either individually wrapping them or putting a dissolvable double coating around them, so they don't break inside the container would help.
I agree with those reviews regarding the pods that do not dissolve. Just last week, i bought a new pack of tide pods and did my laundry this week end. I noticed that blue sticky plastic is on my clothes and they are working clothes. Never had this problems when i first started using tide pods 2 months ago. did you change something You should do anything that would alter what have been a good product.
I'm single and retired. Since I usually wash small loads, I don't see the point of a one size fits all tablet. Why would I use as much detergent for a full load as I would for a few tee shirts At least with regular Tide I can use an amount that is appropriate for each load.
I have a front load washer and use as directed but they have gotten stuck on the rubber gasket on the door which is.a gooey mess. I like them when they work but this has happened to me four times and they also left a big blue stain on a white dish towel. Tide needs to Work on this issue.
Toss and go is a great idea but I have found that a few loads have ended up having to be re-washed! The wrapper is not dissolving completely and I have found tiny pieces stuck to garments. My solution is to pre-dissolve in a measuring cup of boiling water but even then I find snotty threads of un-dissolved material. I do love the way Tide Pods clean though!
I love Tide. I have always been a tide user.The problem I am having with the pods is that they don't dissolve like they should. They clogged the motor on my new machine after 4 months. I had to call a repair man out to find out why my machine was acting the way it was. He pulled out so many of the pods wrapping. was told to sitck with the liquids detergent .
I have always used tide. I find that I am buying detergent more frequently. What used to be the 200 oz bottle is now 150 oz bottle and I am not able to wash 96 loads before I am out of detergent. So it is costing me more. I have 3 kids and 2 dogs so I am always washing. In addition,I have to double rinse because it is too concentrated. Still cleans well, great on stains, and I love the Downy and Febreeze scents.
The first thing that I was struck by when I took the pod out of the package was the smell. The smell with this product was very strong. I wouldn't buy it unless Tide offered a scent-free version. The pod was also sticky, and left the scent all over my hands. I was expecting something akin to a dishwasher pod, but this is far less durable. I wouldn't toss this into a laundry basket. The pods do work well, though. The packet completely dissolved, and cleaned a pretty large load of clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just tried washing a few loads of clothes with the new Tide Pods. The pods did dissolve quickly but I do not have ANY suds in my wash. The Ocean Mist scent is not that appealing. I am really not sure if I will buy again. If they come out with a Tide original scent pod then maybe I may consider buying again. I think that I will just stick with the old liquid version for now.
I received 1 pod not really enough to give a true rating on the product for all my laundry. I used it on colors. They looked ok but still had some ring around the collar. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tide pod didn't dissolve totally. Got stuck on clothing and needed to wash several times to get off clothes (color and plastic)
I love the concept but very concerned about how it will affect my new front load washer in the future. My washer actually has a drawer you pull out to put in the detergent and if you don't put anything there at all I don't know if it will eventually hurt my washer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Had a jacket that had ring around the collar. Washed it twice with tide pods. Didn't do a thing. Won't buy it ever again.
It was nice not having to measure out and pour, avoiding any spills. Takes up less space. My only concern is how environmentally friendly the product is, and I feel like I can only do large loads. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Tide Pod did a good job, definitely an easy way to get all of the benefits without having to spend alot of time pretreating and with a 2 year old in the house there is usually some stains. If it is affordable I would consider purchasing the Tide pods in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
3 products in 1 pod was Great. Also quick easy. Didn't see much difference in Brightness or smelling any better This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I found it to be no better at stain removal than other things I have tried. Also, would have preferred something with no perfumes, especially now during allergy season. It is convenient but not something I will probably ever purchase. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have never used it before, but this PODS is actually convenient to use and my laundry felt more clean afterwards.
I am a life long user of Tide products. Currently, I am very disapointed with the new shape of the 110 load 2X ultra Tide for front loaders with 170 fl oz, 1.32 gal. container. After pouring into my Bosh detergent dispenser drayer, I have to find some thing to wipe out the cap and to wipe the storage area on the container. Love the original scent, storage is ok, and hate the container and measuring cup.
I purchased the PODS because I live in an apartment building and love the fact that I can carry 1 or 2 PODS with me to the laundry room rather them lug a bottle of detergent. When I wash with warm water, everything ends up fine. However, when I use cold water, the PODS don't completely dissolve and it leaves a bit of the blue stuff on the clothes after washing. This blue stuff becomes hard in the dryer acting like a glue. It comes out, but it's very annoying. I like the PODS in theory, but not a fan when I find the 1 article with the blue glue.
I love that the Pods do not make a mess like liquid or grainy detergents. Also, the ease and quickness of their use is attractive. Most of the time my clothes are clean and everything is normal, which is why I continue using them. HOWEVER, on occasion, my whites get ruined. So far, I have probably lost about 250 because of this. I am planning on purchasing a separate detergent specifically for my whites :-(
Not sure why we should be so wasteful as to use the same amount of detergent on a small load as on a big one!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I want perfume free pods. I don't want my clothes to smell like perfume!
I love the idea of the pods, so was excited to try it. I was so glad to see that PG was offering samples. Pros: Easy to store No measuring Not messy One step Cons: Very strong smelling out of the washer (Spring Meadow) and the smell really STAYS with the clothes Did not get items clean that regular Tide (liquid, HE, cold water) would. I had to rewash several of my son's shirts that had playground grit. No info about the size of the load that the pod works for. Admittedly, my load was large, but I do have a large capacity washer, and use it! I'll stick with the liquid unless I can get a killer deal on the Pods, AND instructions are clearer for load size. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wouldn't mind using tide all the time but it cost to much and I just can't afford it. I like tide but like I said it just cost way to much This review was collected as part of a promotion.
There were little pieces of the pod left in my washer and dryer after I used this product. It was on my cloths and stuck to the sides of my machines. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Easy to use, same wash as regular tide, but not worth the extra cost. I can spare the 5 seconds to pour Tide from the bottle or scoop out of the box. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the pods but not sure about the lack of suds. On medium loads I have used two but still no suds. Are there supposed to be suds This would be great for my college student!
While I found the pod to be handy and an effective dirt remover and whitener, the scent was overpowering. Even after the clothes came out of the drier I could still smell it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I actually bought this cause it makes it easier for my girls (11) to help with laundry. The bad thing is some loads came out smelling great, others not so much. I would LOVE 1 product that could clean, brighten soften. I enjoy strong smelling clean clothes.
We just bought the new tide pods. We used one last night on a load of white clothes. A little bleach was added to the load(which we've done for years). When we looked at the load, some of my husbands white socks turned yellow along with some of my lacy lingerie. What was strange is that most of the clothes came out perfectly fine. I'm scared to use these pods again until I find out what might of happened.
I didn't really notice a difference one way or another. The stain came out most of the way and had to use something else to get it out. The smell is a bit strong, and with a husband who has asthma, I have to be careful around him with strong smells. I prefer the plain old Tide powder or liquid - we're not really into any of the 'designer smells' that Tide (or others) produce. Looks like it's just plain old Tide for us from now on.
I used the Tide Pods for about 6 loads of laundry this week, and thought they worked great! However, I noticed yesterday that my black dress pants have some sort of white residue on them. I didn't think anything of it until I put on a black top today, and noticed the same thing. I haven't noticed any other loads with this, just the dark one. Has this happened to anyone else, or was it a fluke
The cleaning ability of the Tide Pod is fair. The softener worked better than most liquid fabric softeners. The stain remover was a disaster. I had 3 stained garments I used as a test. A shirt with a mustard stain another with a chocolate stain and another with a dark dirt stain. None of the stains were removed by the stain remover, even though the chocolate and mustard had been pre-treated. So the stain remover needs more power. I rated the stain remover as 1 Star. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
IT IS HARD TO TELL HOW WELL IT WORKS SINCE I ONLY USED ONE.WE HAVE IRON IN OUR WATER HERE AND IT DID NOT REMOVE ANY OF THAT AT ALL.ALSO NOT SURE HOW GOOD IT IS FOR A SEPTIC SYSTEM.I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO A FRIEND ONLY BECAUSE IT IS EASY TO USE.I WOULD HAVE TO TRY IT MORE THEN ONCE TO REALLY SEE HOW ELL IT WORKS. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This soap is very concentrated be careful if you are the tyoe that doesn't really measure it out. You will end up with bubbles everywhere.
I like our new front loader and the Tide HE products with one exception. After a good gym workout, tee shirts don't seem to get clean enough. As a result, they develop a sour smell that appears when the shirts get damp either from rain or perspiration. Tide with bleach did a great job when we had a top loader. I hope that a bleach or bleach alternative product is in the works for front loaders.
Tide HE works great. I have no issues with performance. My problem is that all the way to work this morning, I was assaulted by the strong scent of Tide HE. Why do you have to make it so fragrant Fresh is fine but I do not want Tide to be my cologne!
The spout leaks after shutting off the valve and it leaks around the spout no matter what. I've tried leaving it down, sitting it upright etc. So, if you don't mind wiping up after using it, it's a good buy.
I hate the measuring cap. I find it very difficult to see the lines in the cap. It would be helpful if the measuring lines could be made a different color so the lines would be visible.
I am a life long user of Tide products. Currently, I am very disapointed with the new shape of the 110 load 2X ultra Tide for front loaders with 170 fl oz, 1.32 gal. container. After pouring into my Bosh detergent dispenser drayer, I have to find some thing to wipe out the cap and to wipe the storage area on the container. Love the original scent, storage is ok, and hate the container and measuring cup.
we like the he products,however i have a very sensitive skin family that reacts to about everything and i need the tide he to be unscented or the original scent. i can only find the scented products. we are either allergic to or cannot take the scent.
I have always used tide. I find that I am buying detergent more frequently. What used to be the 200 oz bottle is now 150 oz bottle and I am not able to wash 96 loads before I am out of detergent. So it is costing me more. I have 3 kids and 2 dogs so I am always washing. In addition,I have to double rinse because it is too concentrated. Still cleans well, great on stains, and I love the Downy and Febreeze scents.
I agree with EconomyBuyer here in Memphis, TN. Tide needs to come out with a variety scents. The original is not a strong fresh smell like I would want. However, I do trust that Tide cleans well.
This cap is almost impossible to read while pouring the product into the cap. I have resorted to using a flashlight. Very inconvenient.
I haven't seen a specific improvement to my daughter's clothes. She is a toddler and I never see all of the stains to pretreat them. After washing a couple of loads in the acti-lift by Tide I have decided that overall they are clean, they of course smell good, but there is no noticeable improvement on stain removal. Looks like as always I am going to rely on oxy to pretreat! Keep trying Tide, at least you get clothes cleaner then most brands!
I have a front loader so I have to buy the HE tide and I would love to see it available in all of the same scents as the regular. I would have definitely gave 5 stars if the HE was available in the mountain spring scent. Also I agree that you need to change the bottles so we can tell the difference between HE and regular because I myself have grabbed the regular and didn't realize my mistake until already using it.
I've always thought Tide was the best clothes cleaner and when I recently received my new HE washer, I was very disappointed at the HE Tide packaging. It is difficult to distinquish between old washer and HE detergents.
I'm glad Tide looks to do better things for the consumer, but when they make Tide and then sell additives to make it better I question that. Why not just make the Tide as good as it would be with the additives Buy one product not two. It seems if they thought this new Acti Lift was so good, it would replace the not-so-good regular Tide they plan to improve on. They'll learn one day that having too many options on the store counters will run consumers to a product with less options.
I've swtiched from using Tide twice in my life and have always returned. I don't think that a good product should be changed time and again by adding this and that or trying to keep up with what other companies are doing to their products such as adding different fragrances, acti-lift, etc.
I like Tide because it cleans well with little residue but it is expensive compared to other brands. So when I need stain lifting I always buy the powder. Making that paste works and their color safe Tide is great. However, with Acti-Lift I did not see the results I hoped for and agree with the other customers Cheer is lighter cleaner and less expensive. I do not need all the dyes and colors in my laundry when trying to remove stains. Less is more!
As all others who have used this product almost all their lives I have been a staunch Tide user. However since Tide has come out with so many other products my feeling is that they have removed the cleaning power of their original formula thus forcing the customer to buy all the additives. I am disappointed with this strategy and when I finish the Tide I have on hand I will either try the new Acti-Lift , smallest size, before I switch to another brand.
This Product is exactly what I needed! This Product is exactly what I needed! This Product is exactly what I needed!
Tide is a decent product however it does the same job as my other detergent that I have used for years with a lot less cost, especially with 5 month infant in the house. Cost is everything!!!!! Thank you for letting me try your new product.
This Product is exactly what I needed!This Product is exactly what I needed!This Product is exactly what I needed!
This Product is exactly what I needed!This Product is exactly what I needed!This Product is exactly what I needed!
thank you but cannot aford worked good love the smell
The Tide Pod did a good job, definitely an easy way to get all of the benefits without having to spend alot of time pretreating and with a 2 year old in the house there is usually some stains. If it is affordable I would consider purchasing the Tide pods in the future.
Tide Pod was no better or worse than what I use now.
I bought this in error, as I do not have an HE washer. The lack of suds makes it difficult for me to tell how well it's cleaning. In my opinion, suds clean better. Next time, I'll read the label.
The product is OK, but you really need a tool to open it! The plastic wrap on the top is impenetrable with hands alone, unless you are Superman or Superwoman.
I was so disappointed when my husband brought home the HE turbo original and it smelled NOTHING like the true original scent :( Come on tide!!
1 dose of Tide HE Turbo Clean in quick cycle vs. 6 doses of the next leading liquid HE compatible detergent in normal cycle.
I was given this as a free sample to test. However, my washing machine does not have a quick cycle. It is about 5 years old (Samsung HE front load). I used this detergent as a substitute for my ordinary detergent. I feel as though it performed as well, but I still prefer the scent of the Tide with Downy Sweet Dreams detergent over this. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
PG you've done it again. First you changed the original scent of Downy a few years back and now you've changed the original scent of Tide. Why change a good thing Why not just come out with a new scent instead of changing a classic Since y'all probably won't change the scent back like Downy hasn't switched back even after losing many long time customers, I have an idea. Why not come out with a Tide and Downy classic scent For those of us who never thought the scents needed to be changed in the first place. I'll still buy other Tide scents and other PG detergents, ONLY because all other detergent brands smell like glass cleaner to me. But I'm not happy about the scent change and I think it says a lot about what Tide and PG think of their customer's full satisfaction.
I used to love tide. I have used it for years. I used to work as a nurse, and tide could get anything, and I mean anything out. and now with four kids, it works great on the stains they get on their clothes. my favorite thing about tide, though, was the smell. I loved it! but now, the new scent makes me want to find a new detergent. the flowery smell gives me a headache. bring back the old smell!!!!
I would like to know how you can change the scent of your original detergent, your flagship scent and still call it original scent without any type of label change to the bottle. The new scent in the Tide original bottle is absolutely horrid. You had a great thing going with the original scent why mess with it Seriously debating switching from Tide. You need to get that new stuff off store shelves and bring back the original scent, in order to keep customers.
Last year my school had a science fair, and we all had to make up our own hypothesis, test it, and turn in our results. I used gain, tide, and purex. Tide took about half of the mustard stain away while purex took first place. If you want something great for removing stains, I'd recommend purex or tide.
I was so disappointed when I bought a bottle of original Tide and realized the smell had been changed! I've always loved how well Tide cleaned my clothes and the smell was even better. I no longer buy it due to the new scent. Please consider changing it back. If you want to create another new scent, you can call it something else.
Tide pods are convenient however I don't think they are worth the price that you would pay for them. Clothes did not come out any brighter nor did I notice any difference in using Pods vs. detergent and stain fighter alone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This soap is very concentrated be careful if you are the tyoe that doesn't really measure it out. You will end up with bubbles everywhere.
The pod is great as long as you have larger loads of laundry. Our loads of laundry are not always large so I think using the pods would be costly for us. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I do not think my white wash cloths came out as white. I did not add any type of booster like Clorox 2 that I usually use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the fragrance of these PODS! The only issue is when you have busted pods in your pouch. Just glad they didn't all stick together!
My recommendation should really read yes AND no! I have used the Tide Pods now for quite a while, as they are very convenient and seem to do a great job when using warm water. Unfortunately, when using them in cold water loads (I have a two year old Whirlpool front loader), I am getting a sticky blue mess/residue on many of my items. It has happened with towels, sheets and basic clothing and it's inconvenient, to say the least. It also gunks up my washer well by the door with the same sticky substance. I find it a pain to have to have liquid detergent on hand for some loads and these Pods for others, so I may stop buying them altogether. Too bad because they do clean the clothing and linens well...when they work and they're so easy. Please fix this, Proctor Gamble!
You changed the Original scent, and it's horrible, just like everyone here has pointed out. Then you told us to buy the updated Mountain Spring scent, which does smell like the original Original. And now that's gone. What's up PG I'm not sure who you're testing your scents with, but perhaps its time to start sampling the general public. Most of your scents are terrible. If it weren't for the fact that Tide performs better than most other detergents on the market, I'd be dumping you altogether. I've switched to Free Gentle honestly, though, I like a little bit of fresh (not nauseating) scent when I do laundry, and it's disappointing you keep missing the mark there.
I love Tide! I have not had a problem with the Pods...yet! But if you look at the recent reviews, you'll see that many have had a problem with staining and plastic. Last year when the reviews started, there were no complaints...except a rare one. Perhaps they're having quality issues. I hope no customers are lost and they can fix this soon. I have an LG HE washer and find the Pods so much easier than measuring and pouring into the small hole for the detergent. That's why I gave 3 reviews. We need UNSCENTED. Also, not sure why you need to buy Tide Boost to help your Tide. Why don't you just 'perfect' the Tide I never buy the additional product, Tide Boost...don't know why we need that.
The concept is good, but there is nothing to advertise the proper quantity for a load. It only says one is good for most loads. I used one on a large load of blue clothing and now have an odd blue tint on the front of my dryer. The clothing doesn't appear to be faded in any way, but the pod does not dissolve as quickly as implied by the advertisements. It isn't a bad product, but it would help to have a better idea of potency/sizes treated to go with the items, and perhaps smaller podlings for any testing before people use it. Like I said, I don't see any trouble with my clothing, but not everyone will be okay with a dyed dryer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Have been using for over a year. Was working wonderful, but last couple of loads have left some of the plastic on the clothing. Have a couple of pictures of last two loads leaving some on jeans.
I bought the Pods because they seem faster and cleaner. I just bought a new washer the front loader Duet. For some reason the pod is exploding on our clothes. Every few loads I see purple or sticky stuff on our clothes. I really like the idea of the pods I just don't feel like the new batch I bought is dissolving as well as it used to in my old washer. I don't know if I can keep using them if this keeps happening. Pods are a GREAT concept. I just wish they dissolved more efficiently.
his Product is exactly what I needed! his Product is exactly what I needed! his Product is exactly what I needed! his Product is exactly what I needed!
I liked the fact that it dissolved quickly. I also thought it was really cute, all squishy and just small and compact. However it didn't wash any better or worse than my regular detergent. I have also checked the prices of it in the store, and OMG! Way too much money. Sorry but in these hard economic times I really don't see paying THAT much for a name. If you like Tide and you can afford it, you will probably love these. If you're on a tight budget, maybe not so much. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product isn't tailored to the specific load. If there's more or less laundry, it still uses the same amount of product. Perhaps it could come in a few different sizes.
When I got my new front load washer I had some pods left as I had used them with my old top load washer. When I put one in the detergent dispenser I had water on the floor. When I went back to liquid detergent no water. The diagram on pack of pods container shows the pod going into the wash drum. But the owner's manual for my new washer says NEVER put laundry products in the wash drum.
I didn't really notice a difference one way or another. The stain came out most of the way and had to use something else to get it out. The smell is a bit strong, and with a husband who has asthma, I have to be careful around him with strong smells. I prefer the plain old Tide powder or liquid - we're not really into any of the 'designer smells' that Tide (or others) produce. Looks like it's just plain old Tide for us from now on.
I was so disappointed when I bought a bottle of original Tide and realized the smell had been changed! I've always loved how well Tide cleaned my clothes and the smell was even better. I no longer buy it due to the new scent. Please consider changing it back. If you want to create another new scent, you can call it something else.
The pods used to work great. My favorite black Old Navy Fleece Pants got destroyed. I thought maybe someone put glue or gum in the washing machine, but after reading these reviews, I see it was from the Pods. I want to be reimbursed for the cost of my favorite pants!!!! Or at least send me a sample of a product that will get the stiff white residue off of them.
Other than doing the best job in cleaning my clothing, I do prefer my clothes to SMELL clean and nice. The smell is a big factor. I loved the tide powder detergents that I can't find at my local stores anymore so I decided to try to the pods...ocean mist. Firstly, some of them didn't dissolve all the way and secondly the smell is horrible. It almost gets the job done but I have figured out, if I use fabric softener and a little bit of color bleach with the pods, the clothes are cleaner.
I used two last week - perfect. Went to use today nothing but a pool of goop in the package. They discintegrated!!!!! Stored in laundry room on a shelf Don't understand!!
It's really a good product for people who like an easy solution except that I found the plastic clear portion sometimes does not dissolve completely. I have had a few shirts ruined that way because I did not notice the clear film before I dried it. It does not happen often but it is something I worry about every time.
we like the he products,however i have a very sensitive skin family that reacts to about everything and i need the tide he to be unscented or the original scent. i can only find the scented products. we are either allergic to or cannot take the scent.
The Tide pods work fine but I would not recommend because I don't think they are worth the price. I do really like the Tide washing powder but I don't like the pods as well eventhough the concept is good. I just wish the smell and quality of the original was there. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it is really nothing to get excited about. it didnt really clean all that great, i had to use an extra pod for just my daughters' clothes...if anything, i will just go back to my regular detergent. although, they are cool, just nothing exciting.
The product is OK, but you really need a tool to open it! The plastic wrap on the top is impenetrable with hands alone, unless you are Superman or Superwoman.
I buy Tide in the largest size and more than once the caps leak all over my dryer, floor, the bottle, if I don't put it upright after I draw some liquid. I think the caps are poorly designed. And, yes, I loosen the cap before drawing the soap and tighten afterward. It still leaks.
i like the product it worked well cleaned all the stains
Wow, I hope you will consider making a fragrance free pod!!!! PLEASE! I love the cleaning action I just cannot take all the perfume! Thank you!
Seems like it only worked well for small loads. I bought a bag and used it for large loads with colors. I still had some stains and still some odor. I am not sure about this one.
I liked the pods, thought they were easy to use and easy to store. However, I think the price would keep me from buying them as my usual detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried my sample yesterday and it seemed to work well and was excited to buy them, but after reading these reviews, I'm too afraid of ruining my clothes. I think I'll just wait and see what is done to fix the problems before I spend my hard-earned money on a product that has the potential to ruin clothing. Seemed like a great idea..the bugs need to be worked out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Convenient, but unless there is a huge coupon it's too expensive per load t bother.
I want perfume free pods. I don't want my clothes to smell like perfume!
it is really nothing to get excited about. it didnt really clean all that great, i had to use an extra pod for just my daughters' clothes...if anything, i will just go back to my regular detergent. although, they are cool, just nothing exciting.
Kids love it. Too much sugar for me.
I think it was exactly what I thought it'd be.
Is it just me or did they change this cereal in the last couple of years I don't eat it that often, but it was always one of my favorites. It used to be lighter and puffier squares, but I tried it again recently and I could swear that it's just Golden Grahams with cinnamon/sugar on it. At any rate, I probably won't buy it again as it didn't live up to my memory of it.
These are good right from the box but with milk they get soggy to soon. My spouse does like the cinimin on them
Longevity in product. A must have for every kitchen
First day out of the box results: 1. drowned petal (aluminum, go figure..) 2. flimsy hose connections and pressure gauge.
If you have'nt seen it after the numerous times it has appeared on network televison then i suggest you buy or rent it. If you havent heard the jokes already, then you'll find it funny. But the jokes are only funny once, theyll only make you laugh the first time. And if you have seen any other austin powers movie, you'll notice that alot of the jokes are almost the same, and get repetitive if you've seen another Austin Power movie. If you havent seen it then go ahead and see it, youll enjoy it. But if youve seen any other Austin Power movie and didnt enjoy it then odds are you wont like this. But if youve seen any other Austin Powers movie and liked them then youll like this one too, since most have the same plot, and similar jokes.
Not the best scent and really doesn't wow me.
I waited for years to buy the orignal series on DVD. When I learned that Star Trek would be coming out on Blu-Ray I was so excited. After reading the reviews I decided to buy season one. After watching several episodes it is just ok. The new special effects are cool but that does not make up for the Blu-Ray from just being ok. I am a long time Star Trek fan and I will live with it but can't get over the disappointment of the quality. I guess I could watch in 4:3 but I want to use all my 50 ".
Hold is not all that great.
It really can keep a hold!
Not as much hold as I like
It worked okay, but nothing real special.
I do not care for Pantene products.
I prefer a stronger hold but this was okay for a light hold.
This hair spray worked fairly well but not as well as other brands.
Works well, but I really do not like the smell.
I'm not a hairspray person. but will share with friends.
It's good. I do not really like the smell but it happens.
I really couldn't get past the scent.
After less than an hour my curls did not hold with this product, which is labeled maximum hold. Also scent too strong, overpowered my cologne. Although it did not work for me, my husband used it and was pleased with it. I was sent this product free to try and then review by influenster.
Light weight and good as a volumizer, but not enough hold as a hair spray. I love that it has not alcohol in it, which is great for my hair, but I need hold.
I'm not a big hair spray user but when I do use it I like a nice strong hold. This was a so so hold.
It's typical aerosol crunchy hairspray. It holds but expect your hair to look chunky.
My hair is very soft so this spray did not hold as well as I expected but I did like the lightness of the spray.
I got this as a sample on my walmart beauty boxnand I just fell in love with the smell and the hold is great
My hair is very hard to hold, and this was a little light for me.
The product was good as far as a hair spray goes but I could not get past the scent. Maybe that was just me.
This was Just OK. I have others I like more and this one was a little drying for my hair.
My first Walmart box was very good. After that the samples I got were the same I get inside magazines! There was no way to notify them about what I did not use, so I STOPPED it.
held ok didn't like smell either
Pantene hair spray amount keeps changing getting smaller smaller -Old one 11oz-new one 7oz ! Confusing as I am long time Pantene user ! I happen to like the old one in the black can, 3, best of all .Please leave it alone!
I am not much of a hairspray person. I tried this spray and it seemed to work well for fly aways. I didn't apply too much as I didn't want crunchy hair. A light spray seemed to be enough for my purposes. I am not sure if I will ever purchase the product, but it would be considered when I am in the market for hairspray.
Okay, I've always liked Pantene products and at first I thought this one was going to be the same. It worked wonderfully when I first used it, but with-in a couple of hours my hair was flat. I guess for easy hair-styles this may work but I wouldn't trust it on hard to hold hair styles, like mine. Pantene Pro-V Air Spray Hair spray just wasn't what my hair needed.
This hairspray worked really well as far as holding in place. It did leave my hair and shirt somewhat sticky. I'm no sure what the scent it, but it smells terrible, even my 3 year old was complaining about the smell. This is not a product that I would buy for mysleft. I received it as a sample.
I received this sample of Pantene Hairspray 4 Extra Strong Hold in my Walmart Beauty Box. I live in an area where the humidity is extremely high. Quite honestly this spray held curl for less than 2 hours, and admittedly I had to use almost half the sample in one use. Not a product that works for me at all
I have been using Pantene hair spray for literally years. Over 15 if I had to take a guess. I love it. It dries fast, isn't sticky and holds my hair all day. What more can you want from a hair spray
I am so use to using my own hair spray, that I found this Pantene Pro-V Airspray a bit stiff and weighted. It holds very well however, and if you need a spray that lasts, this Pantene Hair Spray would be the product to buy. As I say, this spray works, just not for my type of hair.
Does the job but can be stickly when combed out. Also a heavy scent.
Spray was light, just right for my hair
This is a nice light hold hairspray. I am a woman who loves firm hold hairspray. So I would not repurchase this product due to my hair style. Overall it's a nice product.
I liked the smell and feel of this hairspray and somebody looking for light manageable control would love this.
I found this hairspray to be very sticky and heavy. I did not like how my hair felt after applying a light coating. This is not the type to use for light hold.
To be honest, this is just hairspray to me. Middle of the road, does what hairspray does and really nothing else. Which in all regards is fine, but there are a lot of claims with this product that fell short, for me personally. The product on my hair was a little sticky, and it claims it had brushable flexible hold, not really seeing this happen. In fact I would recommend that, if you like your hair to stay on your head. I could go on, but I think I've said enough. In short, if you're looking for just hairspray, this is the one and the scent doesn't completely make you cough and gag, which is a plus!
I don't like the scent and it just does nothing for my hair. I prefer Rave to this, by far.
This hairspray is light and airy doesn't seem to be sticky. I usually don't use here spray because of that but I think I would enjoy using this.
Holds pretty good but not a fan of the scent
I am a hairdresser and was given this as a sample on the go spray. I did not care for how it came out of the sprayer nor how it worked for my hair personally.
I recieved this item in my Walmart Beauty box. I've used this product a few times. It hold my hair perfect.
I use hair spray for my wigs only. So to have a sample size is nice, to carry in my purse.
This product is really no different than any other store hair spray other than it smells like Pantene. It does feel like regular hair spray when you spray it on, the hold is average at best. I will not be purchasing this product, it is sticky when I sprayed it on my hair then dried hard so when I went to comb my hair out at the end of the day it made tangles and I had to pull hard on my hair to get the comb through it and every hair counts when your hair is so fine like mine. Overall, I think Pantene should stick to making shampoo and conditioner and not hair spray! I thought the name of the 'Airspray' was great marketing but the hair spray fell flat, no pun intended.
This is great. Not stiff or sticky and holds well.
I&#39;m still experimenting with this. If I use too much, my hair can look greasy. I find it works best if I spray it into my hand and scrunch it into my hair.
I tried using this product following the shampoo and conditioner from the line a few time experimenting with the recommended amount of sprays and lessening amount each time. I tried spraying onto the hair directly also spraying into my palm and then applying, but I found it made my 2a waves limp each time. My hair was soft and did not frizz or tangle, but it just had no bounce.
I used a light coat of this on wet hair &#40;focusing on the ends&#41; and let it air dry overnight, my curls the next day were shiny and had some extra definition. However this product didn&#39;t make for good 2nd &#40;or 3rd&#41; day curls.
Still trying to figure this one out. It works different from a lot of oils. I&#39;ve found it works best when I spritz a little &#45; and I mean a little &#45; on my wet hair. I apply styling products over it. It seemed to give my hair more shine and moisture. A little goes a LOOOOOOOOONG way!
i used this oil as a prepoo. it felt ok going on my hair and my hair did not feel too greasy. after i rinsed the oil out of my hair, my hair felt soft which i liked. i had found it annoying that i had to keep shaking up the bottle so that the water and oil mix in together:&#40; overall, it was just ok product, nothing special.
I used this product with the sulfate&#45;free shampoo and conditioner in the same line for a couple of weeks. My type 2b&#45;2c &#40;depending on humidity&#41; hair, which is very fine, responded by being frizzy on top and limp on the bottom. Once I added in a mousse product underneath the oil spray, everything was better. I had to use 7 or 8 pumps to cover, more than twice the recommended amount, but it left my hair with nice shine and wave definition. I like the smell too. Overall, I would say this product is probably better suited to a hair with more body.
Did an ok job of detangling. I ALWAYS get really terrible knots/tangles on the underside of the back of my hair. I also have very long, somewhat thick hair.... so I am not sure if there is anything to detangle knots. But it worked decently.
This was suggested to me to use as a pre&#45;poo treatment, but it&#39;s a little too light for that in my opinion, So I used it as a refresher. One of two ways, First I spritzed to dry hair and added castor oil but that wasn&#39;t pleasant. Granted this is an oil mixture, I didn&#39;t need to add more oil. The second time I just spritzed it on my hair by itself and I was able to go throughout the day without needing to re&#45;moisturize but it didn&#39;t have long lasting effects for the next day. I will continue to use it as a refresher though when I want to liven up and old/dry twist out.
I liked this product, though I think I used a bit too much. I wasn&#39;t a fan of the spray, as it made oily patches in my. I tried it again just mixing it up and using a bit on my hands and it was much better.
didn&#39;t really know how to use it... not heavy enough to be a detangler for my type of hair. And while my hair loves oils, it can&#39;t be a sealant/finisher because it contains water = if i&#39;m trying to stretch my hair to a looser curl for a twist out, the water will revert it back to it&#39;s tightest coil. HOW I USED IT: as a pre&#45;poo. before i cleanse my hair, i spray this on a section to moisten and loosen up the compacted hair o__o then i twist each section, let it sit on there, and let it &quot;soak&quot;. Did a good job of that, kinda creating a buffer between my shampoo and my hair.
I used this product 2 ways; once alone, after washing &amp; conditioning &#40;with L&#39;Oreal shampoo &amp; cond&#41;; and once in a cocktail with L&#39;Oreal gel. Definitely was more effective with the gel in my wavy/curly/lumpy hair. It&#39;s very light&#45;&#45;which I liked, but which didn&#39;t make much of a dent when it came to frizz control. My hair felt wonderfully soft&#45;&#45; liked that, but didn&#39;t like the shape with just this product alone. Would recommend pairing it with something that can hold a reluctant curl better.
I used this product with the sulfate-free shampoo and conditioner in the same line for a couple of weeks. My type 2b-2c (depending on humidity) hair, which is very fine, responded by being frizzy on top and limp on the bottom. Once I added in a mousse product underneath the oil spray, everything was better. I had to use 7 or 8 pumps to cover, more than twice the recommended amount, but it left my hair with nice shine and wave definition. I like the smell too. Overall, I would say this product is probably better suited to a hair with more body.
I'm still experimenting with this. If I use too much, my hair can look greasy. I find it works best if I spray it into my hand and scrunch it into my hair.
Still trying to figure this one out. It works different from a lot of oils. I've found it works best when I spritz a little - and I mean a little - on my wet hair. I apply styling products over it. It seemed to give my hair more shine and moisture. A little goes a LOOOOOOOOONG way!
i used this oil as a prepoo. it felt ok going on my hair and my hair did not feel too greasy. after i rinsed the oil out of my hair, my hair felt soft which i liked. i had found it annoying that i had to keep shaking up the bottle so that the water and oil mix in together:( overall, it was just ok product, nothing special.
I used this product 2 ways; once alone, after washing & conditioning (with L'Oreal shampoo & cond); and once in a cocktail with L'Oreal gel. Definitely was more effective with the gel in my wavy/curly/lumpy hair. It's very light--which I liked, but which didn't make much of a dent when it came to frizz control. My hair felt wonderfully soft-- liked that, but didn't like the shape with just this product alone. Would recommend pairing it with something that can hold a reluctant curl better.
I used a light coat of this on wet hair (focusing on the ends) and let it air dry overnight, my curls the next day were shiny and had some extra definition. However this product didn't make for good 2nd (or 3rd) day curls.
didn't really know how to use it... not heavy enough to be a detangler for my type of hair. And while my hair loves oils, it can't be a sealant/finisher because it contains water = if i'm trying to stretch my hair to a looser curl for a twist out, the water will revert it back to it's tightest coil. HOW I USED IT: as a pre-poo. before i cleanse my hair, i spray this on a section to moisten and loosen up the compacted hair o__o then i twist each section, let it sit on there, and let it "soak". Did a good job of that, kinda creating a buffer between my shampoo and my hair.
I liked this product, though I think I used a bit too much. I wasn't a fan of the spray, as it made oily patches in my. I tried it again just mixing it up and using a bit on my hands and it was much better.
This was suggested to me to use as a pre-poo treatment, but it's a little too light for that in my opinion, So I used it as a refresher. One of two ways, First I spritzed to dry hair and added castor oil but that wasn't pleasant. Granted this is an oil mixture, I didn't need to add more oil. The second time I just spritzed it on my hair by itself and I was able to go throughout the day without needing to re-moisturize but it didn't have long lasting effects for the next day. I will continue to use it as a refresher though when I want to liven up and old/dry twist out.
I love Miranda but this CD only has a handful of good songs. Only a few are catchy. Vice has the most thought put in it.
I love Miranda Lambert this albums is good there's some songs that are different so that I'm not used to from her I would say singing is good for me I didn't know a lot of the songs so I feel like it's not one of my favorite albums from her
Vice was the only stand out song. All other songs sounded the same with different lyrics.
A little on the depressing side, not her best work
Although Miranda is a beautiful singer, I think I would have been better off getting a greatest hits CD.
I bought this CD for a few songs I like. Wasn't too impressed with the other tracks. Maybe in time they will grow on me.
This is a decent album but not Miranda's best by any stretch. I think the goal of two albums may have been a little much, but there are still great songs here.
Vice is my favorite cut. A bit sad, not as sassy as her last but still good beer drinking music.
Product was a couple weeks late getting here. It has a nice smell, but the tan is very subtle (needs 2 or 3 applications), but very realistic.
Super crispy, so that's awesome. Super tasteless, so that's not. I even seasoned it a bit myself, and I guess I should've REALLY seasoned it to death. Would I buy it again Yes. Will I season it to within an inch of its life Also, yes.
this powder looks nice at first but later wears off
The powder is so fine and soft. It glides on so smooth and makes your skin look and feel wonderful.However I have oily skin and by the end of the day the powder gets noticeably darker in the T zone area, and it cant cover it up again.
This product is good when I put it on at first and I think it has a nice fragrance, but it doesn't last very long and makes my forehead look very dry. Also, it doesn't cover up blemishes very well.
It has beautiful coverage and give you a smooth look but it is SUPER CAKEY ater awhile, best if work with no other makeup
I found this to be a bit cakey and the powder was very visible but it matched my skin well. It also didn't last very long either.
This is nice when you want a thick line but I don't like it to thick, doing it thin was very hard for me :l
I am not a big fan of the master duo, but it does last long into the day. It's a little to flimsy from the tip not hard enough.
I bought this product in 2 different colors- black and purple. The black is good except for the long dry time. The purple is horrible super watery so the color is sheer and doesn't dry at all.
I was thrilled to receive the sample of Olay Total Effects 7. Generous sample size too. I found the product too heavily fragranced. However as a moisturizer, it went on like a cream and absorbed like a lotion which I loved! I did not find it to be superior to my current moisturizer though, so I have no immediate plans to purchase it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using my new Olay total effects 7-in -1 moisturizer for a week now. It defiantly has evened out my skin tone quite noticeably! I can't wait to see the long term anti aging results!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tried this in the morning....all day have noticed my face is really smith in spots and oily in other spots.....unsure of it at the moment.....will use again tomorrow and see if it's the same This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used Olay moisturizers before, but I tend to stick to the simple variety: unscented, for sensitive skin. The scent of this moisturizer immediately put me off. But I tried it anyway. It was light and non greasy, but I didn't see much change in the appearance of my skin. For the price I wouldnt recommend it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The first day I used Oil Total Effects, I was very impressed by how soft my face felt. I enjoyed the smell of the product as well! Unfortunately Oil Total Effects was too oily for my skin and after a week of using it I had quite a few break outs. If I didn't have sensitive skin, it would be the perfect product for my daily facial routine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the product and liked the light, smooth texture to the cream. It has a pleasant smell as well, and felt relaxing Unfortunately, my skin is very dry and it drank up the small sample within a week! In that time, I enjoyed the moist feeling in my face and I would definitely recommend it to people looking to try a new product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that Olay Total Effects is a good everyday face cream. it didn't combat my winter skin dryness, nor did I see any significant reduction in wrinkles or skin firmness. If I used everyday religiously, it did seem to lighten a few sun spots I have on my face, but these seemed to reappear if I forgot to use it for a few days. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total Effects 7 in One Anti-aging Moisturizer I was excited to receive this sample because theres nothing I love more than trying new skin creams and am always looking for the *Hail Mary* product at a lower price point than skin care I currently use. Upon first application, my skin felt hydrated and plump, maintaining that feeling for hours. Unfortunately, during those few hours, I developed a rash and the next day a cystic pimple emerged on my chin. My skin can tolerate a lot without ever experiencing a rash but I do have issues with spots of acne following test drives with new products. This just happens to be one of those offenders. I always give products a second and even third chance in case a reaction is simply coincidence so a week later, I gave it another go with same results. Third time was also a bust. Because I couldnt use the product daily, I cant comment on most of the issues this product claims to address. I dont know specifically which ingredients make my skin break out. I do know that typically, any breakout I experience is usually related to products containing parabens or sunscreen. I understand that many products on the market require parabens to stabilize the product. Aside from the suspect paraben related outbreaks, I am also a breast cancer survivor and sensibility dictates that I cannot dismiss the potential association that is often made with relation to paraben content in our day to day skin care products and health issues. When theres more than one paraben involved, its a bigger concern. Stars added for the nourishing feel of the cream, subtracted for paraben content and puzzling rash. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product gave me glowing skin, helped my skin feel comfortable and hydrated, and also was a good base for makeup surprisingly! I wish the sample was just a little bit bigger since it says that you see results in 4 weeks, and I finished it in about 2. Also, I don't really like the scent of the product very much but it does dissipate. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the product is a good moisturizer. My skin tends to dry out pretty quickly but this one keeps it moisturized. As for the anti-aging effects, so far I haven't noticed a big difference in my fine lines and uneven skin tone. I haven't used it for that long so hopefully I will start seeing the effects it claims to bring about. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I liked that this product did not leave my skin too oily and had a pleasant scent. Unfortunately the sample size was too small to give a fair review of this product. I had enough moisturizer for 10 days use. Although I thought it was a good product, I did not notice any visible change in my skin in the limited time I used it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it was nice on my skin the first few days and it felt uneasy the next days so i stopped using it. probably not the kind of product my skin wants, i thought i found the right product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I did like the scent of this product, it wasn't over bearing which is a nice change from other similar products. However, having said that, I didn't find that it actually did anything. My face did feel somewhat smoother but that is about it. It did nothing for my uneven skin tone and I found no difference in the fine lines on my face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
From some of the other commercials I've seen there are products out there that show results much quicker than 4 weeks, I've been trying the Olay Total Effects 7in1 anti aging Moisturizer for a little less than 4 weeks but have not noticed a single line being smoothed away... not that I have a lot just a few laugh lines. But so far they are still there This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have now been using this moisturizer for 4 weeks. The consistency is good. No noticeable smell. Goes on feeling non greasy and absorbs well. While it is doing a good job with keeping my face moisturized I have not seen any of the extra benefits that it claims. Fine lines and uneven tone have not shown any improvement. So, no visible results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm only beginning to use Olay total effects so no visible results just yet but my skin is being well moisturized I had flaky skin before and now I don't so that's a good sign that more results will come. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I did like the cream, but I have VERY dry skin and felt like it didn't keep my skin feeling smooth all day, you could see my dry skin after just a couple of hours and the more cream I put on the heavier it felt on my face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This Olay product smelled nice and provided moisture to my face. However I didn't not have any other visible results on my face. I would buy this product for the moisture benefits and maybe the other results would show after longer term use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Last week i tried Olay Total Effects 7-in- 1 , unfortunately I am allergic to the product , I given the product to a friend to do a test...... Unfortunately she had skin reaction to the result use Olay Total Effects product 7-in- 1 . this is the first time we had a skin reaction after testing a moisturizer. Too bad the product looked promising ... Better luck next time ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I did love the quick work at reducing fine lines and such. But sadly I had a mild reaction..surprised me. My skin is not prone to reactions, I did pass product on to my sister andshe loves it..went out and bought a bottle to keep using. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just recieved my olay total effects 7 in te mail today! I just applied it and already my ace feels so good!! It's so soft!! :) I'm am extremely excited to see if this cream helps at all! I'll keep you updated! :) :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for about 3 weeks now. I put it on every morning, it is nice and light, does not feel greasy at all. However I do not see any change in my skin tone or aapreance. I will keep using it to see if over the next couple of weeks i see any other changes. But for now it is a great moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It absorbed beautifully but I didn't find it really helped at all for the issues it's supposed to address. It's really nice to only have to use a very small amount to cover my whole face and my skin felt better and was definitely better hydrated but it didn't do enough for me to justify the expense. Not much in the way of smell, which is fabulous. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have tried the Olay Total Effects twice so far and I am pleasantly surprised. I haven't used very many Olay products and I didn't feel overly positive about the brand. So far I really enjoy the cream. It has a lovely soft texture and nice smell. My skin felt soft and it absorbed quickly. I haven't noticed any changes in my skin yet, but I am pleased so far This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While I did not find that this really helped with any noticeable difference in the lines and look of my skin, I did find it my skin felt smoother while using this product. It has a pleasant scent and felt nice on my skin. It wasn't sticky like other products and didn't have an overbearing smell. Nice product but didn't live up to the claims it makes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Don't get me wrong I do like the cream, its light and non greasy. This is the end of 2nd week and I don't see a difference... I been applying it twice a day, before/after bed...maybe I'll see more changes in a few more weeks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When first putting on cream, it feels silky and smooth on the skin. I put it on after taking a shower where my skin is the driest. Olay total effects did moisturize my skin. I felt however throughout the day that the cream stayed of top off my skin leaving a slight glossy feel that I do not like. Will continue for 4 weeks to see if the cream reduces my fine lines. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love the size of the container for travel! Pump works great, size is perfect for carry on. Really like the weight of this product, goes on even and does not leave a heavy feeling on my skin. Results, well those are still unknown at this time. I can say that I have not experienced any break outs, which is a bonus. Skin is soft and blemish feel. Now for those wrinkles. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Been using the cream for nearly 2 weeks now. Although the I don't notice any difference with my wrinkles my skin is significantly softer. I had absolutely no problems allergy wise, I love that such a small amount goes so far This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I did like how much moisture it added to my skin, smaller pores but unfortunately I had a reaction to something in this product. So I have given to a friend to try and she had tight looking skin, smaller pores and a healthy grow! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really loved the olay effects! Infact I love the olay brand itself! However I did not notice much change. I was a bit let down by the product but that may have just been my experience. I still think it's worth to try. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the trial size is perfect size for me to use and try. I will use this when I travel because it's so convenient. I broke out the first time I used it but it was around my time of the month so I can't blame it on this item. Otherwise, my skin looks great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that this product moisturized my skin a bit to well.Since starting to use it 7 days ago .I have a face full of acne.The brown spot on my cheek is lighter in color now.And my very fine lines are a little less noticeable.I dont feel that it has changed my over all skin tone.Let my daughter try it and it gave her an acne breakout also .But her face feels smoother on her forehead and cheeks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really liked this product for the first week or so and then it didn't seemed to keep it's promises. It was great as a moisturizer, but I did not find that it made any difference with the appearance of my skin. Maybe I don't have enough need for the changes that it promises, but I found little or no change. It might work better for someone that has more issues with their skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay goes on smooth and easy. It was light and not greasy or heavy. It seemed to keep my skin moisturized for most of the day - even with the cold dry winter. I didn't notice any real difference from my other moisturizers as far as wrinkles or skin tone - it seemed to make the fine wrinkles less noticeable (especially around the eyes), but of course the wrinkles are still there. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was pleasantly surprised by the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. In this time of year my skin is super dry. My skin eats up the moisture, but it doesn't make me look oily or breakout. The trial size is great. I always find skin products super hard to find in travel sizes and this one is a perfect fit for my travel cosmetic bag. My one wish is that there was SPF. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After trying Okay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-aging Moisturizer, I have not noticed any reduction in signs of aging. What I can comment on is how great the product feels when I apply it onto my face. The moisturizer feels light and and makes my skin feel smooth. There is a bit of a fragrance but it is not strong at all. I did not have to use very much of the product to moisturize my face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been applying this lotion regularly for the past 2 weeks in the morning after cleansing my face. This moisturizer is good. It absorbs well into my skin and you do not need to use a lot. However, I would rate this product as average. I have not seen any noticeable difference in my skin since using it. Disclosure: I received a free sample as part of a campaign from BzzAgent This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product goes on super smooth. Works amazing as a primer under makeup. The only thing I found was that if I used it, it plumps up the fine lines and wrinkles. Make your face look really even, smooth and well texturized. However, this is a product that will be needed to use continuously if you want it to be effective. Great primer, not Greasy, and very effective against wrinkles. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I haven't gotten a chance to use it for a full four weeks to see how much my skin has changed, but so far it seems to be a lot more moisturized. It does have a scent, which I am not totally in love with. It does smell nice, but I get headaches because of some scents. My skin also broke out for the first week while using this, but it could be just my skin getting used to a new product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have heard such great things about olay total effects however it made me break out! The product does have a great smell. I did pass it along to my Mom who said she thought it helped with the crepiness around her eyes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really don't notice much difference than other products, but perhaps if used longer it may be more noticeable. The size received doesn't really give enough time to try the product to see how well it can work. I do like that it goes on quickly, and don't have to wait for it to dry before proceeding with other products/makeup. The scent is nice and mellow. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Received this for my 30th birthday as my first piece of the Total Effects line. Once I got used to the pump product was easy to dispense. A little goes a long way. Has a pleasant smell. I use acne products as well and they dry my skin. Due to this I need a little more moisture than this product can provide. This product did not improve the overall texture of my skin.
I saw changes within a month and I use it every other night with a warm cloth
I've been using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for a couple of weeks now. First impression is that I like the texture (not a watery cream, also not a heavy cream, somewhere in the middle). But it does have a strong scent and not one I like unfortunately. My skin does feel moisturized but I will continue to use it and see if the other supposed benefits are happening. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So it's all gone, every last drop. I don't if it last a full 4 weeks or went beyond but I used it all. And honestly I am sad that it is gone. I have used Olay products since I started to use a moisturizer on my face many moons ago. I have never tried the expensive ones, like the anti-aging lines or the fancy ones but I have always wanted to. So I was super excited to get a trail version of the Olay 7 in 1 Anti-Aging moisturizer. I didn't notice any changes in my fines lines (there aren't that many so maybe I can't really comment on that). My skin tone however seems to be much more even and I did notice that my pores seem much smaller (I have MASSIVE pores). It didn't really smell like anything which I liked and didn't like at the same time. Sometimes the unscented smell really bad! This one was ok. the light smell went away as soon as the product absorbed into my skin. I have very oily skin normally but once the winter hits it can get super dry! (crazy I know) This moisturizer actually did a really good job of keeping my face moisturized and I had no dry spots show up (and we had a week of -15 and blowing cold wind while I was using the product.) I would love to say that I will run out the minute that this product hits the shelf and buy it so that it can become a part of my daily routine but I will have to see how much it retails for before I decide. I do however love Olay products and will continue using the one I am using and the minute it hits the shelf I guarantee you I will be checking it out again and seeing if the price point is where I can afford it. All in all a good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using this product for a couple weeks, I am not sure I would purchase it. I found it just ok. It did moisturize well, unfortunately it also did seem to trigger an acne outbreak. For the price, I would like pass on purchasing in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Thank you for sending me a free sample to try.However, I found that the sample I received was not big enough to show any improvements. The scent was very nice and I found it dried very quickly and did seem to make my face feel silkier.But there was no difference in my age spots, my skin did not feel firmer and the fine wrinkles are the same. I would probably not purchase this item again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the olay total effects moisturizer for 7 days and here are my results. Visibly smooths fine lines and wrinkles, I didn't not find a big reduction in the appearance of fine lines, although being only 40, I do not have many noticeable fine lines or wrinkles. Evens skin tone appearance, this was not something that was measureable for me as I have a skin condition called vitiligo where my skin gets white patches. Enhances brightness, I did find my skin looked softer, I am not sure that that is the same as brightness but I did notice a difference in the appearance of my skin. Minimizes the look of pores, I didn't find this minimized my pores, I actually found the opposite effect, and did have a few spot that broke out while using this cream. I did discontinue it's use because of this. I may try it again in the future to see if it was an isolated event that was not related. Visibly reduces age spots, no age spots here to test it on. Restores firmness I did not notice any visible changes in the firmness in my skin. My problem spot is under my eyes but I didn't not apply this that close to my under eye as there is a seperate product for this. Replenishes moisture, I did find my skin soft, with little to no dry spots after a couples days of use. my kids because quite soft after the full 7 day trial. It worked well under my makeup and didn't cause any noticeable sticky spots that dry skin tends to do with makeup. Over all this product is a nice moisturizer but does it live up to all of it's claims, I don't think it does. But there are no miracle fixes for aging, so if you take this as Olay advertises relating to growing old gracefully this is a nice addition to your beauty regimen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I should have taken a before picture before I started using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer because I honestly haven't noticed a difference in my fine lines or skin tone. I did notice however that my skin was dry (could be the increase in winter-like weather) so I have had to supplement with my usual facial moisturizer. I do like the texture and mild fragrance of this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was not overly impressed with this product. Yes, it smells nice. Yes, it smooths on nicely. Yes, it absorbs quickly. Did I notice any improvements in my skin.....no. The sample was too small. A product like this normally needs to be used religiously for at least a month before any improvements are seen. I appreciate the sample. It has interested me enough to buy a full size bottle to give it a real try. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Olay Total Effects anti-aging moisturizer for several weeks now, and I've noticed a subtle improvement in my fine lines. My laugh lines and the lines between my eyebrows are less noticeable, my skin feels softer and smoother. The moisturizer is creamy with a strong scent so I only use it at night, but it seems to be working! And it is certainly cheaper and safer than a facelift! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I liked the Olay total effects 7 in one anti-aging moisturizer. It was very smooth. I am about to turn 40 and I feel much older. After only a few days I feel smoother, tighter a little younger. I will buy this product. It didn't have an over bearing smell, and wasn't greasy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I noticed a brighter complexion after only a couple of days of using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I noticed a few of my fine lines seemed less visible. On the downside, though, I found it irritated some of my skin and left it a bit red and itchy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this product is amazing, in just a short while you start to notice your skin looking younger and even feeling younger. I have noticed the fine lines are disappearing., and my skin tone is really evening out. you'll want to go out and purchase this product once it hits the shelves. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for about a week now. The texture is nice and light. It'd be a good summer time moisturizer, but I'm not sure if it is good enough for me for the winter time. I usually use something that feels richer in the winter. I haven't seen any difference on my fine lines and dark spots yet. Hopefully, it will come with time. So far, I quite like the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
since my last review 2 weeks ago I still have noticed much of a difference in my skin I did not have many fine lines and no wrinkles at all. Only thing I have noticed is my face has more shine to it. I have told my Mom about it and gave her what I have left so we will see how it works on her. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Oil of Olay products but I'm on the fence on this one. I like that it was light and not to heavy, it didn't clog my skin and the most important part was that it was not heavily scented. But not enough to tell if the effects on my skin. I would try it again though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the non- greasy texture and consistency of Olay Total effects. It's non- irritant and good for sensitive skin. I like the fact that it comes in a pump for sanitary reasons. This also helps in controlling the amount used, avoiding excess usage of cream. It's light with a slight tint, adding some colour to the skin. The size of the sample, did not give me adequate time to see an extensive change in my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been waiting a while to write this review to give this product a try. It feels nice on my skin. I have sensitive skin and my acne has gotten worse ever since I tried this product. If it weren't for that, I would continue using it and consider buying it. My skin did however feel soft and hydrated after I used the Olay Total Effects. I have also mentioned this product to my mother who is thinking about trying it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 ant aging moisturizer is great as a moisturizer not entirely impressed on the anti aging aspect of the lotion .I don't think any product can truly help wrinkles but I gave it a go and didn't notice any true signs of a change in appearance but my skin felt very soft and the moisture lasted in my skin.The scent wasn't bad and overall I will give it a average as moisturizers are concerned. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The very first time I tried this product, I felt a my skin got little softer and brighter but as days passed I started noticing that my skin started to get itchy. At that time I had to stop the further usage of Olay Total Effects . I guess this product is not made for my oily skin type. I can recommend this product for the people who have dry skin as one of friend tried it on and it suited her really well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always really liked Olay products and this one is exceptional as well. I love how little you need to cover your entire face and neck. It has a great scent and goes on silky smooth. It has been a really dry winter and I noticed that this lotion really helped lock in moisture all day long. I do not have many wrinkles so couldn't tell if it did anything for them, but then again that's why I'm using it, too prevent aging. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I felt this product was more for people with mature skin. I felt like I had a minor rash when I used it the first time. My skin took a few times to get use to it. But now the question is was it worth my time. Unfortunately it wasn't worth it because I didn't see the effect on my skin as of promised. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Smells fresh clean. I have acne prone skin so I am concerned about products that feel oily/greasy. I didn't break out any more than usual I'm able to wear my regular makeup without issue. I didn't really notice any change in my pores but it does moisturize well. My face did feel firmer. I don't have wrinkles so I can't speak to that. Over all, I'd have to buy full size and use for longer to determine if the 7 effects are true. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Since using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer I've noticed my skin tone has evened out. I have also noticed that my fine lines have started to disappear and the vitamin complex has helped make my skin look smoother. The only downside to it is that I've noticed a few more breakouts. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product goes on very smoothly and absorbs into the skin quickly. It works well with my day serum (always a concern) and has a pleasant fragrance. So far since using the product I haven't noticed any differences in my skin, but am hopeful the advertised results will soon show themselves. Crystal This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This cream is very nice, it goes on well and does not leave your face smelling of perfume. I really liked applying it. Unfortunately, my skin is dry and it didn't hydrate enough. It was however very soft and did not irritate or cause redness. I would suggest it to friends and family who do not have dry skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try Olay's new Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer as I use a lot of other Olay products. From the first use I was impressed! It didn't have an overpowering smell, the cream was light, absorbed easily and didn't have a greasy after feel. I would definitely add this to my product line! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It works well. It soaks up fast, non greasy and keeps my skin hydrated. I don't know if it's necessarily better then the facial moisturizer I already use, but I think the anti aging properties is a definite plus. Instead of using an anti aging serum under my moisturizer I just put this right on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Olay Total Effects daily for about four weeks now. Overall I would give it an above average rating, but I'm not a convert. While it is moisturizing for the most part, I find it gives my face an overly shiny appearance while leaving my cheek areas still dry and flaky. As such I find I am constantly needing to blot the excess oil, and applying other moisturizing cream on my cheeks. So the search continues... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This Oil of Olay cream was the first face cream I had tried that was actually enough moisture for my face and left it feeling soft. While it did a great job of moisturizing, I'm not sure how much of a difference it made with my aging needs. I didn't notice any reduction in wrinkles, lines, etc. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this for about a week, but unfortunately I ended up with hives/bumps. I am allergic to so many things - I have no idea what could be in the product that caused me to break out. I'm sure it's a great product for those who aren't allergic to EVERYTHING, but for me, it just didn't work out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay has been around for many years. I loved the product had to be careful as I have rosacea, it has a wonderful feeling on the skin, no film or sticky feeling. It had that mild scent that olay is known for. I like the pump bottle. It didn't seem to harm my skin, however i didn't used every day This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Gives a good hydration (but haven't noticed any other benefits), skins feels great but I have had acne problems many times since I started using this product so I am now reluctant to using it since I am afraid that it is the cause of my acne outburst (I hadn't had that problem in a long time). This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So very excited, I just received my sample of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti Aging Moisturizer. I can't yet rate it, just started it tonight. I am using it as a night cream because I have Rosacea and have to use a Rosacea cream during the day to relieve my skin problem. I put the cream on and I like how it feels on my skin. It absorbed quickly and its not greasy. Took a picture of my left eye, cant wait to see the wrinkles disappear! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tryed it out to see if i could use the product but its scent made me have an asthma attack so instead i let someone i see everyday use it so i could judge by their face. They said they like how it makes their face feel and they are noticing that their skin feels and looks nicer then it did before. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well after giving this product one more shot to help with moisturizing in cold weather I have concluded the following: 1. It did seem to add a younger glow (+) 2. It helped Moisturize (+) 3. It was lite weight and my face didn't feel weigh down (+) 4. It caused me to break out in my face (-) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was so excited to receive my sample in the mail. I started using the first night it arrived. I loved the feel of it and it really seem to moisturize my oh so dry skin after a couple of night. The third night was the end for me.........woke up with swollen eyes and blotchy skin. Allergies kicked in with no mercy. Not sure what ingredient was the culprit, so disappointed. Hopefully will be able to find something that I can use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for a few days only but I had to stop because even it I loved the texture it made my skin dryer. It has all the features I wanted especially minimizes the look of pores and Visibly reduces age spots. This product is nice but it's not for all kind of skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While the moisturizer feels good and smells nice (not overpowering), I'm not sure that it makes me look visibly younger. Also, I wish it had an SPF, because now I feel like I need to use two products. (I believe that there is a version with SPF, but I don't have it.)I've posted before and afters...see for yourself! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like this product because of the nice sheen it leaves, however I have dry skin, especially in the winter and need something with weight. Olay Total Effects would maybe be ok for me in the warm months, but in the winter I use a night cream as my day cream because I need that extra protection and moisture. For those of you that do not have overly dry skin, I could see this working for you. Give it a try and see how it works for you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this is my first bzz kit.. so i got to try the trial size of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer.. i found that it went on nice, and the first night night made my skin moist ans soft. i found it had a light sent. but sadly by the third night i had to stop using it as i started to brake out in a rash. so i assumed i'm allergic to something in it.. i think i would recommend it to someone that does not have sensitive skin.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's not something FANTASTIC and AMAZING but it smells good, decrease the appearance of pores, lives a soft skin but will not be moisturizing enough for winter for sure. Could be good for spring and eventually summer but not enough for fall and/or winter. I've tried it for 2 weeks now and it gives my skin a lightly healthy glow that I appreciate. In conclusion I'm probably going to keep it apart for the winter and use it again in spring This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm torn on this product. For me specifically there are pros and cons. The pros: A little goes a long way There's no oily feel Absorbs nicely Little scent Skin feels smoother (for the most part) The cons (well there's just one really): On my T zone, there have been many more break outs than what I am used to I like the product for the most part. Around the eyes and my cheeks it feels great. Not so much one the forehead and nose though This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love Olay products and use them 99 of the time. I like the texture and smell (yes it is perfumed so if you are sensitive to smell be aware). It soaks in quickly and it feels great, however, as the day progressed I felt my skin was become tight. I am not sure if it is because of the winter weather, but I feel like my face is lacking in moisture by the end of the day. It would be interesting to be able to compare it to spring/summer months. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been applying the new Olay total effect 7 in 1 for the last 4 weeks. Overall i like the creamy texture and the smell is pleasant and not strong. It leaves my skin hydrated especially in the dry winter months where my skin gets dry. I noticed my skin a lille bit more firm As far as reducing wrinkles and pores i didnt really noticed a difference. I would say its a great moisturizer overall if youre not looking for targeted areas This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product is good because you can see the result really fast and moisturizer the skin. The result depend a lot of your kind of skin but you can see some good result. I like the oil-free because it does not stick or look gross and the fast-absorbing so result can be seen fast. The packaging is good designed and easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the texture and consistency of the product. It smells nice but is not overpowering. It penetrates my skin quickly and leaves no greasy film. I haven't been using it long enough to gauge whether my skin looks more youthful BUT I know that sun damage is a major cause of aging. So why doesn't the product contain sunscreen This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try this product but was a little disappointed in it. I have not seen or felt any changes to my skin. I usually use coconut oil and I find it did a better job than this cream. I had high expectations as I have used other Olay products in the past and liked them. It did not leave my face feeling greasy though, it does go on very nice and is very light feeling. I was hoping it would have faded some of my lines and faint spots. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the smell and how it feels when it goes on. But as far as seeing lines go away and helping with brown spots, have not seen a difference. I have had this I believe for a week.
I've been using Olay Total Effects 7in1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for 7 days and nights now. It is non-greasy, absorbs fairly quickly and kept my skin moisturized for about 6 hours before my skin needed a moisture reapplication. Big thumbs up for the very hygienic pump nozzle. You can control how much product you dispense. The fragrance is a bit strong. I prefer non-scented skincare products. Overall a good moisturizer. Not as brightening as an AHA product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using the free trial size I got for free from BzzAgent last week ... And well while I love the consistency I really hate the heavy scent that's in it . The perfume in this cream make my eyes burn a few days after I started to use it so I'll be discontinuing it . I think this cream has potential but Ther perfume in it has to go . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The trial sized version of Olay Total Effects is good for use in an overnight bag, or tossed in your purse for spot treatments. Its small size may not be the best for a full on sample of its benefits, but it does offer good moisture, if anything. This would be good for someone with mature skin who is looking for a light, dewey look. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay is not a new brand, infact it has been around for many many years. My Great-Gran swore by Oil of Olay moisturizer. When this popped up on my BzzAgent list, I knew I had to give it a try. Now, I wouldn't say I'm old enough to have this moisturizer targeted towards my age group - but it never hurts to prevent or start a regime that will help my skin in the future. You're never too young to start. First off, I was a little surprised at how small this size was, and such bold claims it made! Younger looking skin in less than four weeks! How! This product claims to visibly smooth fine lines and wrinkles, even skin tone, enhance brightness, minimize the look of pores, visibly reduce age spots, restore firmness and replenish moisture. Smooth on clean face and neck, for best results use daily. This has your typical Olay scent. I'm not really a fan of scented facial products just because I have sensitive skin and I never know what is going to burn when I use it, or make my skin more dry. One pump is more than enough to cover your full face. It just soaks into your skin immediately and provides an instant rush of hydration. It dries somewhat matte. I didn't have a chance to try makeup on top of it, but I have a feeling it wouldn't work for me. I think this moisturizer would be good for someone with normal to lightly oily skin. I don't find that it is hydrating enough for my dry skin, because after about half an hour, my skin feels like it needs more moisture. I prefer a thicker cream, especially now that it is winter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the fact that it did not dry out my face or make it greasy but the sample size just wasn't enough to get the full affect of the product. I personally only got a few days out of the bottle. It's hard to recommend it since I didn't see any changes. I would definitely recommend the Olay brand though, I've always been a fan of the company This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is light weight, non-greasy, and very moisturizing. I have not used it long enough, in my opinion, to determine if I gained positive results from all the 7 benefits promised by this product. I would however recommend and buy this products based on how moisturizing light weight and non-greasy it is. I really like this moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
oil of olay claims 7 in 1 anti aging beneifits. Ive been using for 4 days and I have noticed a very little difference in the fine lines under my eyes but Ive also noticed some negative things. For one the moisterizer is sented and the perfume in a moosterizer can be very drying, i dont feel like my skin is well moisterized when using this face cream. Also there is no sunscreen in it which is important to prevent aging. I will continue to use and update later. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 for a couple of weeks now. I love that my skin tone appears more even and I've had less breakouts since I've been using it. It's a light cream, not too thick and absorbs quickly. There isn't a strong fragrance which is good for a face cream. The cream has a slight tint to it which makes your complexion glow. The only complaint I have is that it doesn't seem heavy enough for my dry skin now that winter is here. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have combination skin, so it's hard for me to pick an appropriate moisturizer. I used the product for two days, and broke out on my chin. I am waiting for that to clear up to start again. I plan on trying to use the product on my problem areas (in between eybrows, forehead and laugh lines), instead of on my entire face. So far, 3 out of 5. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Recently tried Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, and found it left skin soft and smooth. It has a pleasant fragrance( Can be bought fragrance free), but found it bothered my contact lenses even when being careful applying around the eye area. It absorbs fast and is easy to add to the daily beauty routine and would recommend it for anyone wanting to reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and who wants to minimize the signs of aging. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
1 week in to using my Olay Total effects and I have noticed a more even skin tone. I have a few dark spots on my face and I have noticed that they have faded. I love how my skin feels after putting on the cream. It's not greasy and you don't need a lot of it. My only complaint is that I wish it was fragrant free. Not a fan of the smell. Thanks Bzz Agent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well been using it for almost 2 weeks . There is not much difference with my skin accept I feel it not hydrated enough, but I have very dry and sensitiveskin . The one thing I was very impressed is it did not have a itchy or burning feeling so a big plus there for me. I don't have the huge yet to change from my usual brand. But will use it to the end to see if i'll change my mind eventually. Would certainly tell friends to try it to see If they would like it more then me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received the Olay Total Effects 7 in One Anti-Aging Moisturizer and was excited to try it as I work in retail and we carry the Olay Total Effects line. I have used Olay products in the past and liked how they worked with my skin, so being able to try a new item before it hits the market was great. I am at an in-between age, where my skin had begun to age but not yet displaying many fine lines or wrinkles. That said, the anti-aging properties did not do much for me. I did notice that my pores were visibly smaller, which was great for me as that is a major issue with my skin. My skin tone did have a more even apperance, but I did not notice much in terms of providing any brightness to my skin. The fragrance-free factor was much appreciated as many facial products are overloaded with heavy, unnecessary perfumes. I did find that the moisturizer provided an initial feeling of hydration to the skin, but halfway through the day after an application of makeup, I found the cream was not enough to provide me with sufficient moisture throughout the day. My skin would crack and peel in spite of heavy application of the Olay Total Effects 7 in One Anti-Aging Moisturizer both day and night. Perhaps I'm just not the right skin-type for this item, but I was very happy to try and learn I should save my money. I used the Olay Total Effects 7 in One Anti-Aging Moisturizer for the duration of the BzzCampaign to be able to provide an accurate account, and I'll stick with a more natural product to stay moisturized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using this for about 10 days, applying day and night. It goes on very nicely, not greasy at all. It has a pleasant aroma as well. It's fairly moisturizing but if you have dry skin you might want to mix it with your normal moisturizer. I haven't noticed any anti-aging effects yet but I'm guessing it would take a little while longer for that. I'm not sure I would buy the product but I'm going to keep on using it until I run out to see how it goes as my skin seems to like it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tried Olay Total Effects for a few weeks now. I like applying it straight out of the shower for the best absorption. Otherwise it felt a little bit tacky. Didn't notice much difference as far as pore size, skin brightness or fine line reduction. It did leave my skin feeling moisturizer and soft. I was hoping for better results since I have large pores on my cheeks and forehead. It's a decent moisturizer in line with what I would expect from Olay but it's not a miracle cream. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i would want to know how this product is on my skin as I have very sensitive skin. This is an amazing product after using this for a few days I have found my skin to be soft and feels tight. I would have never thought to get this before but now trying it I love it. This vitamin complex has helped with the 7 signs of ageing such as age spots, fine lines. Go check this out :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the product for about two weeks now and haven't noticed much difference other than my pores seem less noticeable, but other than that no changes yet, but I think I need to give it some more time as I do enjoy how light it feels on my skin and how it moisturizes ever so lightly with no film left behind, oh AND the delightful smell the cream does have! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
although after re reading above i did not yet use the product for 4 straight weeks. so from here formula, Olay Total Effects: Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles Evens skin tone appearance Enhances brightness Minimizes the look of pores Visibly reduces age spots Restores firmness Replenishes moisture The result Skin that looks up to 10 years younger after just four weeks. i can say it did replenish moisture and minimize pores but none of the other things happened This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer The positive aspects: Light scent that dissipates quickly Fast absorption Blends well with foundation (no caking) The negative aspects for my menopausal skin: Needs to be reapplied 2-3 times a day to keep skin well hydrated No visible signs of changes in the appearance of my pores, fine lines or wrinkles Contains no sunscreen I didnt find this product any different from any other standard moisturizer This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the texture of this product. It feels super smooth and silky upon application. It's light but has a lasting moisturizing power. Unlike other types of serums or anti aging creams I found that this did not feel sticky and it has a very pleasant scent. I've tried it twice a day, morning and night application but never saw a noticeable difference in fine lines. My complexion did look brighter, however since this is advertised as an anti aging product, I expected some better results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I first received the sample, I thought that the bottle was not going to last long since it was so small. But I found that you do not need to use a lot. It goes on easily and smoothly. It's very light and lightly scent (which is great as I can not stand strong scents). After using this product for awhile, my skin is more hydrated and less red. But I do not notice that it has minimize my pores or reduce age spots. Maybe if I continue to use it longer, I will see these benefits too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total effects for about 2 weeks now. The one thing I really wanted to see happen while using this product was to have my age spot/sun spot fade. I am not seeing that at all. I do notice my complexion is clearer then normal and my face is not dry (as it usually is at this tim of year) I would reccommend this product as a daily moisturizer but not as an anti aging cream. I am going to continue to use it until I run out ans hopefully I will see some more advantages! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product for a while now and have seen improvements on my skin being moisturized and evening my skin tones. I don't need this cream (for now )for the primarily advertised effects of wrinkles, age spot, etc therefore I cannot speak for those but I do like how a little bit goes a long way as not much cream is needed, which makes the travel size perfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total Effects anti- aging moisturizer for about a week now and I am loving it so far! One thing I have noticed is how soft and moisturized my face feels. I have some fine lines on my cheeks and around my eyes but haven't noticed anything as of yet so I cannot comment on that aspect of the cream but my face looks a little brighter and more pleasant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this on my face and neck for almost two weeks. I really haven't notice any difference however I do like the smell and I like that it doesn't leave my face oily. I think I will update in another two weeks to see if there has been any progress in my tiny, fine lines that show up when I smile. So far as a moisturizer it's pretty good. olay7in1antiagingmoisturizer This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This was better than I expected! My skin felt very supple and hydrated which are two big concerns with my skin. Although I would prefer to have unscented, I didn't find the scent to be too strong and it didn't make my skin break out like most scents do. I found my skin to brighten while wearing it but I didn't find my age spots to diminish, nor did any wrinkles. I imagine if I used it longer, it would have more of a difference. I found this moisturizer to make a great primer for under makeup too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really liked this product for the first week or so and then it didn't seemed to keep it's promises. It was great as a moisturizer, but I did not find that it made any difference with the appearance of my skin. Maybe I don't have enough need for the changes that it promises, but I found little or no change. It might work better for someone that has more issues with their skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried Olay total effects a couple weeks ago and although I didn't notice younger looking skin (maybe because I am already a young person), but I did notice that my skin seemed much smoother and softer than normal. It didn't dry my skin out and felt more flexible/elastic if that makes any sense. Also, sometimes I break out when I put creams or makeup on my face so I was a bit hesitant to try it, but I tried it when having several days off from work and I didn't break out once! It was very gentle. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used other Olay skincare production, and this is my first time trying Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I have been using it for about a week now since I received the sample. I use it twice a day. It's easy to absorb, moisturizing, and not greasy. My skin feels very nice and clean. However, maybe because I have not use it long enough, I don't see noticeable difference on my skin texture or appearance yet. Having said that It's a good product and I will continue trying it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very good product to use buy it u will no regret smells good makes u look good an feel good as well real talk
I was pretty excited to try Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, as there's a lot of hype around the product and some positive reviews. The packaging is quite attractive, and the pump top is great for dispensing control and keeping the product fresh. I was concerned with how little product the dispenser produced, but with Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, less truly is more. The cream is very thick, rich and luxurious, and you really only need a small amount to get good coverage. It rubs on very smoothly, and does not feel oily or leave residue. It also kept my skin soft and moisturized the whole day. To the drawbacks - I wasn't keen on the scent it was more powerful than I expected initially, and it had a bit of that old lady smell to it. For an anti-aging cream, the smell did not exude youthfulness. Luckily the strong scent faded quickly so I didn't have to smell it all day. Also, I have sensitive skin, and experienced an uncomfortable tingling when I applied the product, as well as some mild skin irritation and reddening (that also, luckily, disappeared after about 20 minutes). After using it for a week, I have not seen any changes in the appearance of my lines or wrinkles, skin tone (worse after initial application...), etc. All in all, I wouldn't replace my current Olay Sensitive Skin daily moisturizer for this one, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone with sensitive skin, but it still works decently as a general moisturizing cream. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer has a nice, light fragrance and feels creamy, but not heavy on the skin. Although it moisturizes nicely, I'm not sure that I saw any great difference in terms of fighting the signs of aging. As a result, I don't think I would seek out this product. Olay's perfecting cream from their Regenerist line, which contains retinol, would be my preferred choice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer goes on bery nicely and absorbed almost immediately. I needed a very small amount to cover my whole face and there was next to no smell. However for the claims they make towards wrinkle reduction, evening tone and making pores appear smaller etc. I really didn't see a difference. It is a good moisturizer but not something I will buy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So my first impression was pretty good. After continued use of this product I just don't notice a difference with signs of aging.. Pros: Smooth texture Provides moisture Non greasy Absorbs well To be available at pharmacys Cons: No visible difference to fine lines No visible brightening No change in skin firmness Overall If I were looking for a product for aging I wouldnt choose this one. If you are looking more for moisture then this may be more up you alley! Just 'ok' in my opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Gave it a chance, some friends really like Olay and some don't. I have very sensitive skin and have been using a line from La Roche-Posay. Olay Total Effects 7 did not hydrate my skin like my old face cream. The Olay left my skin feeling dry, did not see any improvement in my uneven skin tones or the disappearance of wrinkles. I did offer the rest of my product to 6 different friends before one said yes. No one wanted to try it, not a good sign. I would not recommend this product to anyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Overall I will say that I could see 6 out of the 7 results it claims to do. I experienced replenished moisture, skin tone evening,pore reduction, small difference in appearance of tiny lines, I do not have age spots so did not matter but did not see any restoring of firmness. As I said in my last review, I really liked the way it went on and has a great texture. I would definitely recommend this if you are looking for a great moisturizer that evens out and smooths your skin appearance. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
same olay smell theyve had for years non greasy goes on like its not even there cant say i noticed a difference with it perhaps if i used it longer. didnt notice any difference really in my skin after 7 days but im sure it was well nurished with teh unique vitamin complex that it has in it i probably wouldnt by this product but thats not to say it wont work wonders for someone else This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for 4 weeks and notice that my skin feels noticeably softer than it did when I started. Otherwise, I haven't noticed much of a difference in my skin. I noticed that my skin broke out a little bit more than usual during the 4 weeks, but not too bad. The moisturizer wasn't greasy and was absorbed fairly quickly. The scent was mild and not too perfumy, which is a plus. I would probably opt for the frangrance-free and with sunscreen if given the option. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer received by BzzAgent for about 2 weeks now. The best thing about this product is that it goes on light and absorbs quickly. I have not seen an improvement in fine lines or skin tone. Actually, my skin seems slightly irritated by this product. It also has a strong perfume smell that I do not think necessary in a moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how my face feels using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. It feels smooth and just moist enough. I've had compliments on my skin and it looks good, though I can't say I've less lines. I am disappointed there isn't SPF in it. I always usually wear something with SPF in it, to protect from the sun. And since I'm so pale I wear something with a tint to it and this doesn't have any colour in it. Too bad, otherwise I would wear it daily just because of the way it makes my face feel. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've had the product for some time and it's ok. It doesn't have much of an effect on me at all. I think that my skin is a little less dry but other than that there doesn't seem to be much benefit. I'll keep trying it and see if there's any effect with further applications. The product seems to be more like a makeup thing for me. I don't think this would be a priority for me to purchase. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was hoping to really like this as I do like the Olay brand. I have tried some of their facial crams in the past and my skin has not reacted well to them. I was hoping this formulation would be better. My skin ws glowing the first week but on the second I started developing cystic acne on my chin and small breakouts elsewhere. This is the same thing that happened in the past. It's a shame since my friends rave about the brand and I have family members that used the original formulation for years... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Was pleased to find out that i was chosen to be a Bzz Agent for this product.I was so looking forward at trying Olay total effects moisturizer.Started off by applying the moisturizer every night before bed but after only 4 days, my face broke out with a light rash and pimples.I was so disappointed that i had to stop applying the cream .But what i can say about the product during my 4 day trial,I found the cream a little greasy but was easy to apply.Loved the handy applicator that made the job that much easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Okay total effects seven was given to me to try for free from bzzagent. I've only ever tried moisturizers. It's not included in my daily routine. With this moisturizer you don't need a lot. It spreads smoothly and evenly. The moisturizer isn't sticky or heavy on my skin. I have oily skin so that's important that a moisturizer isn't heavy. The only thing I don't like about Olay total effects is the smell of it on my skin after a while. The initial smell of it smells good. After it dries on my skin it smells unpleasant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I haven't used products from Olay for many years so I was very excited to try this Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I like the smell and how my skin feels, but due to having sensitive skin, I normally prefer my moisturizer to be perfume and colour free. However, this moisturizer has both. I have only used it for a few days and I will see if I will develop an allergic reaction the next few days. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that having used this product my skin texture has improved and is more even toned. I have not had anyone commenting on it but I notice a improvement. My skin feels softer as well. If you have dark spots or uneven skin tone it will give you definite improvements. I haven't noticed a big improvement with less wrinkles but my skin feels tighter. Having tried it first gives you a better advantage. I would buy the product especially for skin texture. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm fairly new to the anti-aging skincare realm, I've been trying out anti-aging skincare for about 5 years. Since I'm still in my mid-late 20s, I've been battling adult acne occasionally, especially when my hormones are out of whack.. So I've always been using clearing/acne fighting skincare products up until a few years ago when I decided that I could start trying out lighter anti-aging skincare to prevent future wrinkles and aging skin. I've tried several anti-aging moisturizers from different brands and some are too rich for my skin and makes me break out or feels very oily. This moisturizer absorbs really fast and is very light weight, it also did not make me break out. I don't have any wrinkles on my face but I do have visible creasing on my neck that I didn't have when I was younger, so I tried the cream on my neck to see if it would help smooth the lines. After using it for 2 weeks once a day before bed, I didn't see any difference in the lines. It does help moisturize wherever I apply it and absorbs without sticky feeling, but I haven't seen any dramatic changes in my face or neck. My skin doesn't seem like it's any firmer or brighter, nor does my skintone appear more even than before, and my pores still look same as before. It does say that I would need to use the product for at least 4 weeks to see the claimed results, so I will update with another review in 2 weeks! For now though, I feel that it is a nice light weight moisturizer with a light pleasant scent, hopefully it just takes some time to work its magic! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really could not wait to receive this item.. But I must say I was sadly disappointed when I found that it did not do anything :( I have really dry skin and my face burns when I get out of the shower so I was really hoping that this was going to be the maricle cream I was looking for.. But it was not! I found that I had to apply a large amount of cream on my face before it actually felt that it was doing anything. The smell of the cream was not bad so that was one bonus. So would I go out and actually buy this product Hmm no not really.. Sorry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very excited to try Total Effect as I saw its commerical and advertisement for a long time. Using it for night time as a cream works great. However, this trial size version does not have any sun protection. So I have to put on the Total Effect, wait about 5 minutes. Then I put on sunscreen. For the first 2-3 hours, it worked. However, it starts to form flakes or when I have to do any touch up on my makeup. Using the sunscreen alone with my usual moisture, I did not have such problem. So, I only use it for night time now. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have to be honest, I LOVE moisturizers. I have tried many in the past and I have to say I was not that impress with this one. It does unify the skin tone and moisturize it but I did not notice anything else special. Not a big difference for the wrinkles which I was looking for. I had heard many good comments about this lotion in the past so I will definitely give it another chance but for now I'm am not too impress. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After my first review and two and half weeks later. I did notice my skin was smoother but I don't have any wrinkles or fine line to see any reduction in that area. I also notice there is some reduction in the size of my pores. But nothing dramatic. I don't have any age spots so I couldn't see if there is any improvement in that area. Overall I think this product is O.K. I would somewhat recommend it to others. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I reviewed this earlier in the campaign and was happy with the moisturizer- I don't use any heavy moisturizers so this was exactly right for my skin type. I used it till it ran out-- almost a month-- it was not greasy and did not make my skin oily quickly. but that said..... I really don't see any changes in my skin -- age spots -hmmm still there.... fine lines..sigh -- still there. so , yes it is a really nice moisturizer , very subtle smell , the pump allowed me to get an amount that was enough for me each time.. but the other claims not so much. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Honestly I only use a day cream with at least an SPF of 25 so for that reason, I can say I would not purchase this particular formula. I would be interested in trying the one with SPF. Over all it seems to work well. Soaks in my skin immediately and leaves it feeling hydrated. I do have a very oily T-Zone and very dry patches on my jawline. Therefor I did have to use another moisturizer on that dry area as I was just not getting enough moisture with the Olay. Other than that, seems like a good product just may not be for my skin and out door lifestyle. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoyed using this Olay product. I liked the fragrance, and the way it made my skin feel moisturized without feeling greasy or oily. I'm not sure how well the product fought the seven signs of aging, as the sample size I received didn't give me enough to use it for a period that enabled me to see any difference in my skin tone, fine lines, etc. I do know that in stores, this product can be very pricey, so I'm not sure I'd spend the money unless I knew for sure that it would make a difference. But overall, using this product was a pleasant experience. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total effects 7 in 1 anti aging moisturizer and it could be that I just didn't have enough in the sample to fully utilize the 4 weeks as they say but I have not found much of a change. Sure it moisturizes like a dream which is what ever girl needs and it does help to improve evenness of tone but I did not find the change I was looking for regarding fine lines and brightness. Perhaps I will purchase just to try for the 4 weeks and see if there is truly a change as suggested after that This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have had the chance to try Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moiturizer and here are my thoughts: PRO: Not greasy is light on my skin. I do not feel like I have put any cream on my face, it has helped moisturize my dry areas (forehead and beside my nose) with the colder weather coming in. Light scent when applying that does not linger. Goes on smooth. CON: It has caused my chin to break out quite a bit when this is not a problem I often have, as well as the bridge of my nose (less noticeable on my nose though) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Three days after using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 moisturizer, two pimples pop up on my face. I am saddened as it has this kind of effect on me. Luckily, nothing more showed up. On the brighter side, after a week of using Olay, I noticed that it minimizes the look of my pores and makes my skin feel smooth and soft. Looking forward to look younger in another week with the help of the unique vitamin complex it contain. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have definitely noticed a few changes after using this Olay lotion for a few weeks. I have dry skin and the lotion is very moisturizing. Thankfully I don't have fine lines, wrinkles or age spots (yet!), but it did make my skin brighter and evened out my skin tone. I also thought it smelled great. I only gave it three stars because it would be better if the lotion also had sunscreen. I also noticed the price was significantly higher than other products in store. So overall, I am not sure if I will continue to use this lotion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I would want to know that this product really did reduce fine lines before I actually bought it. I received this product free to try and did so for two weeks straight. I was hoping to see a difference because it felt really nice going on my face but I didn't. My skin did feel nice after putting it on but I did not see any difference on my fine lines and age spots which may be because I haven't used it long enough yet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While I like the feel and the how light the feel of the product is, I do not like the smell. Although, it is not overwhelming I disliked it so much I made a point of not putting the product under my nose and avoided wearing it at night to avoid getting it on my pillow. That being said I did like the feel of my skin after using it and would be will to continue to use it, however, I would prefer if there was an unscented version. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this product might be fine for someone with more normal skin. My skin tends to be a little on the dry side and I find it does not provide enough moisture. In fact it almost seems drying. I have been using it for a week now and have not noticed any real benefit to my skin. On the plus side it has a very mild scent. Not overpowering which is super important to me and it goes on nice and smooth. Again this product is not for me, but if I had normal to oily skin I would definitely give it a try olaytotaleffects7 gotitfree This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So I have used the Olay Total effects 7 for 3 days now. I have already noticed my pores are getting smaller. It does have a scent so those people with allergies try a unscented version. The one downfall is my skin gets very greasy compared to normal. I do have oily skin, but not this bad. Don't get me wrong I have not broken out or anything. My crows feet seem a little fainter. Can't wait to continue the product for the whole month. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After 7 days I notice that my face is much softer. I have quite dark age spots, and they do not seem any lighter after 7 days. I wish that I would have gotten a full bottle to try since the claim is to notice a difference in 4 weeks. I like that the moisturizer does not have a strong smell.. I don't really think I can give a really good review since I only tried it for 7 days, and not the 4 weeks that Olay says the product works in. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received a sample of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer and tried it for a little over a week and a half. I loved the dispenser, the texture of the moisturizer and the scent. If it weren't for my skin being so dry from the cold winter weather, this moisturizer may have made more of a noticeable difference. I'm guessing that using it did help prevent the condition of my skin from getting worse as the temperatures dropped. I will try it again in the spring and so I can see the real benefits of using this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'll be honest, when I first received Olay Total Effects 7 in One Anti-Aging Moisturizer I wasn't impressed with the scent. Once I began using the product though, it wasn't as strong on my skin as I thought it would be. Then the wrinkles started to fade around my eyes and I was all of a sudden craving the scent I had first disliked. This moisturizer goes on smooth and keeps your skin hydrated through the day. I used both day and night and didn't even notice the winter dryness I usually succumb too. All in all I would probably buy it again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The original reason for me to try out this product was to reduce my pore size, moisturize and even skin tone. It did moisturize my face, which made it feel nice and soft. The smell was very nice as well. All the other things it is said to do, it didn't do. I was really rooting for it to work but unfortunately all it did was make me break out with bad acne. I used it every day, only missing it once. I love the Olay brand but this product did not work for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Hopes held high i faithfully applied Olay Total Effects til the sample was empty. What i found was that the initial application feels great, moisturizing and elasticizing dry skin. It quickly absorbs. After about 14 days, my skin (which is normal to dry), began showing a reaction on my forehead, little bumps. Not too noticeable, but a little itchy. I am not one to give much attention to my skin or especially spend on products. So a 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer is a lot of promise for one product. cant say i'm sold to start buying on a regular basis. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Day 1 of trying this product out and mostly good things to say. I love the little pump, which helps distribute the product easily and doesn't waste. The smell is amazing, although I do understand there is a fragrance free option for those who are sensitive to smell. The moisturizer went on smooth but I did find it left a little bit of a greasy texture in certain areas of the face. Perhaps it's just me. Overall my face feels smooth and hydrated. It may take up to 4 weeks to notice results as far as aging effects go, so I will be back again for another review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So my first review was after a week of using the product. Now that I have used it for a couple weeks, I have come to notice it starting to take effect. My skin feels so much smoother and softer. I don't believe I really had much aging, but I do feel more beautiful and confident. My skin breakout around the end of the first week, but that seems to have cleared up since. I also love that it is non-greasy, literally. So many products claim this, but this one has lived up to it. I can't wait to see how my face looks at the end of the 4 weeks... maybe I'll look 20 again LoL This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The sample was pretty small, so it's hard to give it a good review as I didn't get a chance to use it for very long. The product felt very light on my face which is a good thing. The scent was pleasant as well. I did notice a difference around my eyes. I seemed to look a bit more awake. I did break out over the few days I was using it.I can't tell if it was because of the product or other reasons. Overall I would recommend the product to friends as Olay is brand I really trust. Their brand is the only thing I put on my face and get compliments on my skin all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that it had a great scent, went on easily, wasn't thick or stick, had a nice texture and overall was a nice product. I found that it covered pores nicely but not so much the fine lines around my eyes. Not sure if its 'anti aging' more of a concealer. Maybe if I used the product longer but I'm sure if I want to get ride of fine lines then a more drastic approach is needed. But I did like everything about this product for a temporary solution and would definitely buy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been an Olay fan for a lot of years. That being said, although I liked the texture of this moisturizer and how it made my skin feel, I can't say that I would go out of my way to buy it. In my personal opinion, their perfecting cream from the Regenerist line is a superior product. The latter contains retinol, the potent form of Vitamin A that dermatologists say is the most effective in fighting wrinkles and the signs of aging. From what I could tell by carefully reading the packaging, this Total Effects moisturizer doesn't contain the same active ingredient... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
hi everyone, this is my first day trying this product. i used it last night before bed and i liked it. i am 42 years old and have combination skin with a few dark spots around my chin. i hope this can help even out my coloring and maybe reduce the look of some of my pores and wrinkles. i have mild acne i would like to see gone too lol. when i woke up this morning, the dry spots on my cheeks didn't seem as bad and my skin seemed softer. i hope this helps with my issues. i liked it wasn't greasy and one pump of the product was enough for my face. i'll keep you posted :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using the product for a while and I'm not overly impressed. While I think that my face is slightly more moisturized I don't know if there's really any 'anti-aging' going on with it. I didn't really say any noticeable difference apart from being slightly less dry. It hasn't taken away any wrinkles or smoothed any out. I am not really sure what they were going for in this product. At the end of the day you can't really undo what nature does anyway. I didn't have the expectation of miracles but I had expected more than just a moisturizing effect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I received this sample, I'm not sure what I expected. I'm a red head and my skin is fair, smooth, and with freckles. I began using this and I did notice that the dark circles under my eyes began to diminish slightly. I did not experience my face becoming smoother or fighting the signs of aging. When I have looked at products like this in the store, I have never thought of purchasing them on my own. The cost is too high when my skin is already fairly nice. Now, by no means is my skin perfect, but I haven't had acne, I don't have scarring, and except the second tone being my freckles my skin is fairly even. If I were to go out looking for this product, I would want to know what consumer it was targeted for. Is it supposed to work for everyone Is it preventative or reparative. Maybe in my mind I thought it was going to make me glow, make my face soar into a new level of beauty. Alas, the product did help keep the dry air away from my skin but that's something that a less expensive body cream or moisturizer could have done. If you are looking for something because your skin is in poor condition, I think this would be a great product. If you're looking for something because you want your skin to be soft and stay that way for a longer period, sure this may be it. If you're like me, fair skinned and freckled with no wrinkles (yet, anyway), I wouldn't bother spending your budget on an expensive product like this. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like Olay products and have been using them for years, but this particular trial was a bit of a disappointment. The sample size was too small and in this dry weather took me less than two weeks to use. Also, I normally use unscented (sensitive) formulations and wasn't a big fan of the scent. I found the texture nice and the moisturizing was great. I didn't have a skin reaction, always a plus, but would have preferred a full-sized sample to be able to comment on longer term use and value. As it was, the sample made my Bzzing less profound and less meaningful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really did enjoy the way the Olay Total 7 effects felt like on my face. Unfortunately i found it to be a little to oily for my skin type. It's great for the winter months for those dry winds but I'm afraid in the summer I would feel it. As for it's wrinkle fighting properties. Well I didn't really notice much difference on the lines on my forehead. Overall I really wanted to love this lotion and it does have a lot to brag about it was just not right for myself. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have combination skin. Prior to using this I used moisturizer and washed with soap and water. I replaced the moisturizer with the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1. I have noticed my skin feels softer seems more even toned. Word of warning, if you have blemishes it stings like mad upon application! Seems to do the trick as a moisturizer but I haven't noticed any reduction of fine lines or the sort. Being in my early 30s I do not currently have many wrinkles though so who knows. Overall my thoughts are that its a nice product but I'll stick with my moisturizer. Just doesn't seem worth the extra cost This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well I have been using it now for 2 and a half weeks now. I can't say I have noticed any difference in my skins appearance. I do like the texture of the product it goes on my skin nicely very easy to distribute across my face and neck. The smell is ok. I like the pump on the product it distributes the perfect amount for me. I usually have problems using different cream, meaning I break out. With the Olay Total Effects I did not break out in pimples or a rash so thats great!! haha I am not a fan of cream with SPF in it but that is my preference. I can see how that would appeal to other people though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
That goes best with winter Olay Total Effects 7in 1 anti-aging moisturizer and here is why. Not only can Olay total effects helps with the normal everyday problems age spots, uneven completion, fine lines and wrinkles but when winter is throwing down a beating Olay can also help bring much needed moisture to your face. Freezing cold and wind equal dry skin. Olay total effect also has unscented and one with SPF 15. I totally would buy the one with SPf 15 than you are covered year around usolay gotitfree This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I first gave the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer a 4 out of 5 upon my first review of the product. I'm now giving it a 3 out of 5 as I was hoping to see more results as time went on, but unfortunately I didn't see any further results. The moisturizer is pink in color, and in between that of a lotion and cream in consistency. This moisturizer is oil-free, fast absorbing, dries with a matte finish, scented, pink in color, and contains the anti-aging vitamins B3, B5, and E. I'm not a huge fan of scented facial moisturizers so I'm glad this also comes in a fragrance-free version as well as a version with added sunscreen. I have blemish-prone skin and this did not cause any problems for my skin. This moisturizer didn't absorb into my skin right away. It took a few hours before I'd feel the hydration to my skin, but once my skin absorbed it my face felt nicely moisturized. This product claims 7 benefits including minimizing pore size and smoothing out fine lines and wrinkles. The claim is that your skin will look up to 10 years younger in just 4 weeks. I've used this for more than 4 weeks and the only things I've noticed is an increase in my skin's radiance and more hydrated skin. I think that one would have to use this product for more than 4 weeks to notice age spot and wrinkle reduction. The 15 mL trial sized format (which I got to try for free from BzzAgent and will be in stores in February) is great for those who are unsure about committing to the full sized 50 mL of this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After over a month of trying Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, I haven't really seen much of a change since the first two weeks. In the first two weeks, I though my few lines did look better. However, I do not feel as though they have gotten Even better from then. I am only 32 years old and have very few wrinkles as it is, but I am sure that with continued daily use, wrinkles would not get worse. I will say though that my skin has never felt softer and my complexion was never once bothered by this cream. It has a nice scent and is very light and nice to put on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very happy to receive my sample and it was perfect timing for me since I was running out of my usual moisturizer.This is a nice every day moisturizer. I really liked the sample size. The fragrance is also very nice, not too strong. The cream is a little bit thick in texture but is easily spreadable on the face. It is not greasy . I used this product for 2 weeks but I've had to stop using it because I got pimples on the face and they disapeared few days after stopping this cream... So I cannot really say if the product really helps with reduction in fine lines and wrinkles ... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Overall, this product is a decent moisturizer. It has a nice, light finish and provides a good finish. As far as the anti-aging benefits, it is difficult to evaluate as I would be using this more as a preventative measure as opposed to trying to minimize existing lines and wrinkles. I'm not there yet. I haven't noticed a decrease in the visibility of my pores, and my current moisturizer does a better job of brightening my skin and relieving dullness. It's a good moisturizer for the price point and Olay has a great reputation. I would probably use it if I didn't like my current brand so much. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Is I had the opportunity to try this product from Oil of Olay. It provides 7 benefits in one product, which it makes it a great alternative to layering multiple products. I liked the texture, but for someone with dry skin like myself, I found that it did not hydrate my skin well enough. I did notice an improvement with the texture in my skin. It because it didn't hydrate me enough, I still had quite noticeable fine lines. Would love to see a dry skin version, especially for the winter months. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay total effects for two consecutive weeks now. I absolutely love that the moisturizer part of it does not make my skin feel greasy. I also notice a more balanced appearance in my skin tone as well as smaller pores- can't go wrong with that! All in all my only true disappointment is that my fine lines are still here. Which, to be honest is what I was most looking forward to. If you need a skin balancer with a great moisturizer and tighter feel upon application, try this! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After just a few days of using the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, I noticed that my skin was definitely more plump, it felt moisturized and the pores were definitely less visible. However, I found the product to be overly scented. In order to validate whether that my wrinkles were diminished or my skin looked younger, I believe that I would need to have used the product for longer that a month . I would definitely give this product another try as an unscented product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
when I received olay total effects in the mail I was a little disappointed it was just a sample size, I didn't think it would last long enough for me to see the results, at first I noticed how moisturizing it is, I like that and after using it for about a week a noticed a few little tiny pimples, no big deal I thought I was 15 again, but then I got a big one that actually hurts and now its going to be in my Christmas cards for this year, well if that doesn't make you look and feel younger, what does, right by the way, my mom loved it and I am buying a full size for her once it comes out This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very excited to try out this product when it arrived. I started applying it every evening when I went to bed and was happy at first with the product. Unfortuantely after trying it a number of times I was unhappy with how it felt on my skin. I did not have a reaction to theproduct but it felt heavy on my skin as I am unused to putting on a cream in the evening. I have stopped using it in the evening and have decided to try to use it in the morning now instead - perhaps my skin will feel better wearing it during the daytime. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using this product for almost a week now.So far I haven't seen any notable difference to my fine lines, but hey I'm only 28 so there's not much to work with -) I have however noticed my skin is so much softer! At the very least it is a great moisturizer! Another added bonus...I have acne prone skin and almost any moisturizer I put on my face is too oily and causes breakouts, but so far no pimples!Yay! Super excited about that :-) So overall again not seeing any results with my fine lines Yet, but my skin looks and feels great! I'm looking forward to updating in a couple weeks with more awesome results :-) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I liked this product as a moisturizer . I've been using it for about four weeks now but I didn't find it did what it said it was going to. it didn't make me look 10 years younger at all lol. I have sensitive skin so when I tired it I thought my face might break out but it didn't, so it's great for people with sensitive skin and it's also great as a moisturizer but I wouldn't recommend people buying it expecting your skin to change it's appearance. maybe it's just me but my skin still looks the same, just not as dry. And for the size of the bottle it goes along way because you only need to use a little dab of it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think overall this is a great product if my skin was not sensitive due to winter weather. I tried it several times but was not able to use on a regular basis as it made the skin on my face sting. I am not sure if It was due to the perfume scent in the product. If they offered it to me again without the perfume I would be more than willing to try it. I was not thrilled with the scent anyways and am not sure if it is necessary in moisturizer. Unfortunately I did not use enough to notice a big change in my skin. I look forward to reading the review of other users and would love to try again if it was unscented. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always been a fan of Olay moisturizers thanks to my grandmother who uses it regularly to date, me, not so regularly. She has amazing skin which gets her compliments to date. I have been using mostly the classic Olay products on and off, so I was excited to be able to try Olay Total Effects 7-in-1 for free without having to buy it. I was also happy to read this works well for sensitive skin, so less It made my skin feel amazingly soft and wonderful like all the reviews I read unfortunately after a couple of days of using it, my skin started breaking out. I am a little sad but I guess it's just not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I recently received the opportunity to try out Olay Total Effects Anti-aging Moisturizer complimentary of bzzagent and I'm not completely happy with my experience so far. Yes, it is definitely moisturizing, but anti aging I'm not quite sure about. I really haven't seen as much change in my skin as I hoped after using it for a few weeks. The fragrance is a little too strong for me, and lingers around for a while. However, I will continue to use it and see if my opinion changes about this product in the next couple of weeks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I found Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer to be a nice moisturizer, but haven't noticed an anti-aging effect. For me, the scent was too strong, but I see that you can also get it in a fragrance free formula, which would definitely appeal to me more. We have cold, dry winters and my skin tends to get dry and even flaky at times during this time of year and I have had noticeably smooth and hydrated skin this year. I gave this product a 3/5 because of the strong scent and also because I haven't noticed any anti-aging effects, but I would recommend it to anyone looking for a moisturizer that enjoys scented products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I had to stop using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, because my face became itchy broke out after a week. It may be due to the light fragrance. It's just not right for MY skin type, but it did produce quick results for 5 of 7 signs of aging. The unique vitamin complex lessened redness and evened and brightened my skin immediately. The texture is silky and seems to plump fine lines. I was looking forward to using this to help with age spots in particular, but my skin didn't react well. I love the Olay brand, so I will try this again in a sensitive or fragrance free version. Overall, a good moisturizer, not great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles Evens skin tone appearance Enhances brightness Minimizes the look of pores Visibly reduces age spots Restores firmness Replenishes moisture But i find it a bit too greasy and heavy for my skin. I am 38 years old and i have a normal sensitive skin. When i put it on the first week i found it was to heavy for a day cream, so i used it as a night cream. When i put it during the day i found that im too shinny even with my makeup on. But for a night cream is awsome. I feel nice and refresh when i get up in the morning. I would definitely recommend this cream to my older friends with dry skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
ok it has been about 2 weeks since i have been using this lotion. first i would like to say i really do not see any difference in my wrinkles, but then again i really don't have a lot of wrinkles. i do notice my skin has a more even tone and my darker spots have been reduced. i also have less dryness around my cheeks. i do like the scent and i like that my face feels softer. i did not see an improvement in any breakouts, but i did notice the pores on my nose seem to be smaller. i also talked about the cream with a few people and i said i would recommend it for evening out dark spots and reducing pores. i'll keep you posted :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i really like Olay, i have used many of their different products. i received the sample size of the Olay Total Effects 7 in One Anti-Aging Moisturizer, and put it to use. I have used it daily, i like that there is no oily residue and it goes on very nicely. It also smells nice, not over scented. I personally have not noticed a difference in my skin, such as the reduction of fine lines and evening of skin tone, that being said i would still consider using it for face lotion. It doesnt interfere with make up and is not super heavy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product for about a month now. It feels really nice on my skin, goes on smooth and non-greasy. There is no irritation and is pretty moisturizing on my combination skin. However, I didn't notice any anti-aging effects. My skin appeared no better or worse after one month of use. Maybe it takes longer to show I am 39 with pretty good skin aging wise for my age but I still have plenty of fine lines and my pores are starting to show more. I didn't notice any difference with that and I took a couple of pictures at the beginning to compare. Maybe it's better for skin that has more signs of aging This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have never used any thing for my face except water, so I thought I would give this a try, I started to use the 7 in 1 Anti-Aging moisturizer, and I have noticed a little bit of a difference my face looks healthier it feels like it bounces back if I touch it and i really like the way my face looks. I have not had a problem with aging marks but my skin tone does seam more on the even side. This does take more then a day or two to start noticing the change in you skin but with the results I see it is well worth it, a nice bounce back, beautiful tone you won't have to wear any cover up you can go natural. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Thanks for the sample of Olay Effects. I really like the scent of the product. I have been using it now for almost 2 weeks but have not really seen a difference in my skin, I will keep using it for another couple of weeks. I have not noticed any change in the one age spot that I have even after using it for this amount of time. It does make my skin feel nice and soft and I like that it is not greasy. I'm glad I got to try the sample before spending the money on the full sized product, I'm still not sure whether or not I will buy it. As I noted above I will continue using it to see what the results are. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for just over 3 weeks now. I enjoy how the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer contains Vitamins B3, B5 and E. I have very sensitive skin and at first my skin reacted to using the moisturizer, but as I continued to use it, it got a bit better. I did not notice chances in my skin tone nor firmness, I did notice my face feels better moisturized and my skin feels softer. All in all this product is ok, but I would not personally purchase it as it is not great for sensitive skin, however it moisturizes all day and has multiple vitamins. to help your skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was happy to get this trial size 15ml of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer but very disappointed that there was barely enough to use for 10 days, I used one small squirt of the cream for the areas that needed it and I did see some results promised which are 1.Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles 2.Evens skin tone appearance 3.Enhances brightness 4.Minimizes the look of pores 5.Visibly reduces age spots 6.Restores firmness 7.Replenishes moisture I truly love Oil of Olay and was glad I was given the opportunity to get a trial size. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is pretty decent product for its price. I wouldn't say it is one of the first line products out there, but definitely has its place for the average Jane's who care about their skins yet don't want to spend too much money. It has nice texture and it does improve the appearance of your skin somewhat. It doesn't all of sudden make you look like you are teenager when you are in your 40s, but even botox couldn't do that anyway. I like the smell and I like how my skin FEELS after using this. Overall I would recommend but don't expect any miracle. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got to try out the new trial size of the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 almost consistently over the past 3 weeks. I really wish I took a before and after picture to compare, but didn't think of it until it was too late. When it comes to my face routine, I usually like simple as I'm a self-proclaimed Lazy Girl. I usually would moisturize my face with coconut oil twice a day, after washing, so I incorporated the Olay moisturizer in once a day in the evenings before bed. Every morning I would notice my skin is softer from the added moisture. The winter season is usually quite drying. I also saw that my skin tone is even, my freckles (or age spots) are gone and that my pores on my nose are a bit smaller (this is huge for me as I have massive pores). Unfortunately, since it is winter, I'm not too sure if my age spots fading are actually due to the fact that I'm not in the sun as much, as it's dark by 4 and when it is light out it's overcast/raining or from Olay Total Effects. One more note is that the fragrance is horrendous. It smells just like the Olay Regenerist product, and I'm not a fan. My husband is not a fan either he can't stand smell! It smells like it's for my grandmother's generation or something like that. All-in-all, it's an alright product, and great for traveling, but I don't think I would go out and purchase this for myself. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I decided to try the Olay Total Effects skin care product because I have never gravitated toward the Olay brand and was curious to see if it would entice me to purchase Olay products in the future. I have also always affiliated the Olay brand with age and wrinkle reducing effect which have not been my concern. When using this product I didn't consider its effects on fine lines and wrinkles, pores or age spots as these do not concern me. However, I was interested to see the role this product plays in replenishing moisture and providing even skin tone. I used this product before applying my makeup and I did notice a different to the appearance of my skin - it seemed brighter and even. However, the moisture factor did not wow me. The scent and texture of the product is light but would prefer a thicker cream to provide more moisture. I prefer to use a day moisturizer which includes SPF and this product does not encourage me to use it during the day. I am more comfortable using this product during the day if I don't intend to go outside. Also, I don't like using this product before bed as it does not meet my night cream expectations as it promises effects that would be reasonable during the day and not during sleep. Unfortunately, I don't plan to purchase this product for my own needs but would consider purchasing it as a gift for someone concerned with all 7 areas of skin care. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used quite a few anti-aging creams. Olay Total Effects 7, in my opinion is mediocre. It definitely moisturizes as advertised. However I do not notice any visible difference so far in my skin other than a slight irritation on my face. I started getting little bumps all over my face after 2 days of use. It is highly perfumed so I don't think this product is for sensitive skin. I use Olay Daily Moisturizer everyday under my makeup and it never causes any irritation. This just is not for my skin type. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So, I've used this cream everyday for about a month now. My skin is normally somewhat dry and tight feeling after showering. I found that this product moisturised my skin well and lasted throughout the day. It's not greasy and absorbs fairly quickly. I noticed a slight change in the brightness of my skin, mostly right after use. Although I didn't expect miracles to happen, I noticed no change in any fine lines. Perhaps after a longer period of use I give this product 3 stars, mainly for how it makes my skin feel. It's a fairly nice moisturizer, but that's about it. I'll use what's left of my free trial, but I'll be moving on to something else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very excited to try this product. Being 28 yrs old I'm now starting to get fine lines around my eyes, and I'm a little self conscious about them. While the product was a great moisturizer I didn't notice any difference with my fine lines in the month I used it. Definitely don't look 10 years younger! I'm extremely disappointed in that aspect. I didn't notice any difference in the appearance of my pores, skin tone, or firmness of my skin either. So overall aside from being a good moisturizer I don't think this product delivered as stated.... For me at least. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So far I have been using Olay for just a short time. I have not noticed any big changes and no one has come up to me to make any comments. However, I have noticed that my face feels softer. I have also noticed that I have a couple blemishes that are not going away. One is on my cheek and one on my chin since have been using it. I would like it better if it was also combined with a foundation so it would save a step as I dot always have time to myself for simple things like this. It would make it easier first thing in the morning to put on and go out for the day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've written a review in the early weeks of being able to try the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-aging Moisturizer and didn't really have any results so I thought I'd give it a few more weeks before I wrote another review to see if anything changes. Thought this product is super moisturizing I haven't really seen any change in my skin. I use it as directed but with few to little results that I've seen at least. The fragrance was a little over powering at first, it still is but I'm getting used to it. Will I buy this product after being able to try it, probably not. But I still love other Olay products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I first seen Olay total effects 7 in 1 anti-aging moisturizer I thought there is no way this works. I have tried many products in the past. My face care consisted of a few different products so I thought what the hay let try it. At first thought it feel light and has a nice smell that isn't overpowering. When I applied it to my face I was surprised how light it felt. It dried quickly and did not leave my face feeling heavy or greasy, it also wasn't shinny. Once it dried it did not seem to smell anymore either. Olay total effects was no match for my uneven skin tone within 4 weeks my face looked healthier and I had a more even skin tone and no age spots to be seen. My pores do look smaller. I didn't notice my skin any tighter but with all the other great things about this product it still comes out on top There unique vitamin complex definitely Made a huge difference in the look and feel of my skin. Another huge bouns is instead of an anti-wrinkle cream, moisturizer, age spot cream,toner and even sunscreen you can have one product. The one I received free did not have the sunscreen but they have that as well as in unscented one. I also wanted to mention I have sensitive skin so I was surprised that I had no issues with Olay total effects. I would recommend this product to friends and family This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoyed using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. The smell is pleasant without being too perfumy and my face feels nice and smooth after using. The moisturizer isn't oily or greasy feeling. A little goes a long a way. I can't really comment on the moisturizers ability to reduce fine lines and wrinkles, restore firmness or reduce age spots since I don't have any. I can however comment on my pores appearing smaller and my face feeling moisturized even after a long day. I will continue using the moisturizer until I finish the bottle, but it is one that I will probably not purchase. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am fairly new to the world of anti- aging products. I have yet to see the signs of aging on my face *knocks on wood*, so this is really the first time I've tried an anti-aging product. Because of this, it was difficult to detect whether this product was truly fighting signs of aging for me. If you are considering buying the product, it goes on smooth and the smell is fresh and not over bearing. Personally, I don't like the feel of greasy moisturizer on my skin, but this product wasn't too thick and oily. It did make my face feel smooth and fresh. It is probably a good preventative measure for me to take, but I likely won't buy it for the next few years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
You would think that, at the age of 45, pimples would be a thing of the past. Every time I applied this Olay product, I would get one yucky pimple...on my nose...every time!. Now I can say that I noticed my skin had a smoother, silky looking appearance and the age spots on my cheeks faded a bit, but the nose pimple sorta negated that smoothness - who notices a wrinkle-free forehead when my nose is as red as Rudolph's I never have issues with Olay products so I was surprised by this reaction. I am glad I got to try it before I bought a full-sized bottle that went to waste. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for the past two weeks. First off, I like how the cream absorbs into your skin quickly and feels smooth afterwards. Truthfully, my lines are still there don't think those will ever disappear. No cream can do that. But the Olay cream is very nice and has a subtle scent. I have noticed my dry skin has disappeared and so I think this product is perfect for our dry winters. Skin tone does look even and I found my face to be smoother. The only downside to this is no SPF. If they had an SPF in it, this would be the perfect moisturizer. Hey maybe they'll make a separate one in the future! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
There are some pros and come regarding this product. I have been using this moisturizer for about a week now and I have noticed some things that I like. It keeps my skin soft, (especially during this dry-prone season), without leaving my face oily or greasy feeling or looking. It has also helped the appearance of dark areas under my eyes, and to overall brighten my skin tone. Other than that I have not noticed much difference in the appearance of my pores or fine lines around my mouth. In conclusion I would give this product 3.5/5 stars as it is not a miricle worker, but perhaps with continued use further results may appear. Definitely worth giving a try. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have only been using the cream for 3 weeks, but I notice some improvements in my skin tone. There is less redness. I think to observe noticeable difference in age spots, I would need to continue use of the product beyond 4 weeks, since over the counter products take longer to reduce the appearance of age spots in comparison to prescription products, and those do not promise results as early as 4 weeks. It is a thicker cream, so I would suggest only using it in the evenings if you have oily skin and wear make-up. Because this is a available in most retail stores, and is an Olay product, I know that it will be an affordable solution to many for aging. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that the Olay total effects was good but not great. It was nice enough and light, but didn't deliver any of its promises despite me using on a regular basis. I was disappointed mostly because I had high hopes with such a reputable brand. Maybe the trial size wasn't enough to tell It didn't make me break out which was nice as my skin is sensitive to breakouts with most creams. I would maybe try it again but I use the term maybe lightly depending on the cost of the full size product. It just didn't deliver anything to make me want to spend on it in the future! Smell wasn't bad, although my significant other said I smelt like an old lady! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this product is A1! ( yells ) whole lot of amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing gr8 gr8 gr8 awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome as ever , blesseth the heart that came up with this product !
Ok so I have been using this for about 2.5 weeks now. I have been using this everyday once a day during that time. What I have noticed is that my skin is moisturized. It says it reduces fine lines well I didn't really have any to begin with. I really noticed that the dark circles under the eye were reduced so pleased with that. I did find it made my pores even smaller but disappointed if didn't help with the dark spots on my cheeks from sun damage which by the way it has a sunscreen in it of SPF 15 which I do like. You can also by the full size of Olay where you normally shop! The trail size will be available in February! Give it a try! bzzagent olay7effects gotitfree This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have sensitive skin but I've liked Olay products in the past and was happy to try this one. The first few days it burned a bit and I wasn't sure if I'd be able to keep using it but it may be that my skin was just dry because after that it was fine. I don't usually like scented products but this has a light and nice smell to it. I didn't notice a huge difference in my skin except that it was less dry in winter so I agree it moisturizes but I didn't see any other benefits after 2 weeks of use. Overall okay but not an amazing product. I was a little disappointed---I expected more from Olay. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using olay total effects for about a week now. This product has some pros and cons. I like that it keeps my skin soft (especially in this dry-prone skin weather), without looking or feeling greasy or oily. You're skin is completely hydrated. It also helped with the appearance of dark marks under the eyes an overall brightened my skintone. I didn't notice much difference with the appearance of pores or fine lines around my mouth but perhaps with continued use further results will be noticed. Overall I give this product 3.5/5 and it is definitely worth a try if you have dark marks and dry skin but dislike oily-feeling facial moisturizers. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
At first, I wasn't that excited to reciebe my Olay Total Effexts moisturizer because I don't normally wear moisturizer as it causes me to feel oily and break out. But, I tried it right away and it made my skin feel so soft!! I'm not a huge fan of the scent, it smells old lady to me! Something fresher would be more appealing. I also found that it did smooth out my skin tone a tiny bit, and my skin felt smoother for sure! I don't have a lot of wrinkles to begin with, but it did give me a healthy glow! All in all, I liked how it made my skin feel, but I can't positively say it improved all the 7 signs of aging for me in just 4 weeks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product for a couple weeks so far and I'm not sure if I've noticed a huge difference. I have had a couple people ask me what I've been doing different but when I ask what they notice they touched don't touch on anything this product 'is suppose to do'. There is a fragrance sent to the product and this I am not very fond of. I find this product to be a little thick but it's not horrible. It doesn't make my skin oily so this is a big plus! The price is great as well. One of ,y favorite things about it is that it moisturizers the skin very very well. I am going to continue to use this for a another few weeks so I can give another review to see if more changes are present This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After receiving the sample for Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer this review is based on 4 uses. I like the texture of the cream it's not too thick or too running and applies well. The scent could be a little lighter but is only noticeable when the moisturizer is applied to the nose area. I like that it is oil free and doesn't give a shine to my face and it blends well with my cc cream. The vitamins that are in this moisturizer (C,E) and VitaNiacin complex are bonuses and it's good to know that I am putting vitamins into my skin. However, many creams that have skin exfoliation make my skin rub off into the cream leaving my face with pieces of dead skin that I have to brush off. Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer does this as well but to a minimal degree. I like it more than the Olay regenerist Luminous tone perfecting cream. For this reason I will use this when I am not in a hurry. Also, I like that it doesn't burn my skin or give a redness or tingle. The pump bottle is good too I prefer it over a tube but the lid is very hard to open. (The full size bottle may not have this problem). The anti aging properties cannot be reviewed at this time as it takes at least a month or more to evaluate however, based on the findings above I will give it a try. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer is a fabulous moisturizer. It is light to apply and not greasy. I generally refrain from using moisturizers because they tend to be too heavy and greasy and always cause my face to break out- which OLAY total effects never did!!. I love that there is a slight fragrance but it's not over powering which is a must in my books. As far as visibly smoothing fine lines and wrinkles- I can't say I have enough predominant lines and wrinkles to even notice a difference. I don't have uneven skin tone, so I can't vouch for that either. As far as enhancing brightness- I might notice a small difference- but mainly around the time of application, which is at bed time for me. I will say though I did notice a change in the appearance of my pours beside my nose! The only time I fee as though my skin is firmer is for about 20 minutes initially after applying the cream- and only around my eyes. I would be very interested to see what it does for my skin for a lengthy period of time using it. I would recommend it for anyone looking for a moisturizer that is light and not oily. For someone of my age- you won't notice much anti aging - but isn't using it assisting in anti-aging! gotitfree OlayTotalEffects7in1AntiAgingMoisturizer bzz bzzagent This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Olay Total Effects Moisturizer for a while now (admittedly not everyday) and I'm not really noticing much of a difference from any other moisturizer I have used (again, not on a regular basis). I expected to see less dark circles/bags under my eyes since this moisturizer is meant to fight the signs of gaining and since you are supposed to look younger from using it. Of course, it doesn't mention bags or circles under your eyes so maybe I was mistaken or need to use a specific cream. I'm not sure. It's not like I completely hated the product - it did feel silky when applied and smelled quite nice - but if I'm going to pay money for a product, I want one that focuses on my specific area of improve to which would be under the eye. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The first thing you notice when putting on this moisturizer is the fantastic scent! Very feminine, a little perfume-y, but still a delight to apply. The second is that it feels a little heavy, but after a few moments it absorbs completely into your skin. I like this as a night time moisturizer, as it feels there is a lot of substance to the product, but I still don't have to grease up my pillow when I go to bed. The effects you can FEEL when you touch your skin - tighter and smoother, and lasts well into the 12+ hour mark. I found it brightened my face noticeably the most, then reduced fine lines and wrinkles a close second. All in all, a decent everyday anti-aging moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am really starting to look at anti-aging products over the last couple of years as I'm in my late 30's and am starting to notice small wrinkles in places. I also have a tendency to get a bit of dry skin during the winter months so I was looking forward to trying a new anti-aging moisturizer. The scent was pleasant and not to strong or over bearing. The cream is light weight and went on nice and didn't leave my skin feeling greasy or oily. I have been using it daily since I received the sample and unfortunately , I am not able to testify to any of the anti-aging benefits this moisturizer claims to do. I haven't really noticed an improvement in my skin and I still have a bit of dry skin. I have no problems with it as a product, I just haven't found that it stood out from any of the moisturizers I've used in the bit of time I've been using it. As a result, I will probably stick to my regular moisturizers and not spend the extra money on this product. I would still recommend to others to give it a shot and see how it works out for them, especially if they have different skin types than I do. Also, if people are experiencing more aging with their skin in terms of wrinkles, etc, then they may notice greater benefits with this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After BzzAgent sent me a sample size of the new Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, I was excited to try this product for the first time. I don't regularly use Olay brand products, I really wanted to know if it would work the way that it's advertised, so I was eager to try it out. I found that it really did deliver on its promises! The unique blend of vitamins really seems to replenish my skin, fill-in fine lines and even my skin tone. My only concern for this product is that it feels a little 'heavier' than I'd like. It feels a little like putting on sunscreen than putting on a facial moisturizer ... other than that, I love it! Thanks Olay. Thanks BzzAgent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've almost almost completely used up the sample that was sent to me. I used it as a night cream because I find it to be too oily as a day cream. First impressions were good, packaging is nice and I like the built in pump, which released a good amount of product. I have some dryness and flakiness right now because of the dry winter, so this moisturizer wasn't quite enough to help me with that issue. It worked well as a regular daily moisturizer, but I didn't see any dramatic effects to my skin (i.e. smoothing). The texture of the cream is nice, smooth, not greasy and fairly light, but difficult to wear under makeup. It didn't create any sensitivity in my skin, which was good. I think it's a decent product as a regular moisturizer but I gave it 3 out of 5 stars because I didn't notice too many anti-aging properties. I also think I would need to have 2 moisturizers, one for day and this one for night, if I did continue to use it. I used the product in my daily night routine, which involves toner or serum, moisturizer, eye cream, lip treatment and rose balm for my very dry spots. I don't think I will continue to use it because I have other creams that I prefer for the texture and properties, but I think this would be a good backup choice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Pros: Non-Greasy, minimizes the appearance of fine lines and pores, glides on nicely Cons: Maybe, possibly the scent. It's subtle, but (for me) the scent it does have seems 'chemically' In a Nutshell: Olay says This formula with its VitaNiacin Complex fights the 7 signs of aging with vitamin B3. This product claims to: Minimize the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles Moisturize to soothe and nourish dry skin Balance colour and tone while reducing the appearance of age spots My Experience This vitamin-enriched cream glides on easily and absorbs nicely into the skin without leaving a sticky residue or feeling too heavy. I really like the pump action no fingers in a jar, and a little goes a long way. My skin does appear to have a healthier glow and my skin tone seems balanced out although, I think that's due to the brightening effect, which is likely some sort of pigment in the cream, causing a trick of the light effect. So....not as spectacular as it seems. The unique vitamin formula contains vitamins B and E, which help nourish the skin, minimize pores, and diminish fine lines. I can't say that it's taken 10 years off my skin, but I'm pleased with what I do see and feel. This is a quality drugstore product. Recommended: Yes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was hesitant to try Olay Total Effects as I love my current moisturizer and was worried what a different product would do to my skin. As someone with plenty of laugh lines to go around, I decided to throw caution to the wind and give it a shot. The pump bottle is great fragrance is pleasant and not at all over powering. The moisturizer was light and did not feel greasy at all. For the first week or so, all was well. Unfortunately, I started developing acne and finally gave up on the product after the third week when new spots kept appearing. This product seems quite lovely for most, however, I would caution those who have sensitive or acne prone skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that this is a good moisturizer but was disappointed in some of its claims - I do not find my skin to be brighter or firmer - although I don't truly consider these to be problem areas of mine. I was more interested in the idea that it would even skin tone and the reduction of age spots. I don't find that it addressed either of these concerns for me. There - after roughly two weeks - is no change for me. Is it a good moisturizer - yes absolutely - skin is soft to the touch, not a lot of residue left behind, and no dullness. But I don't personally find that it meets all of its claims. So depending on what you are looking for , this is my personal opinion and experience and may not be reflected by other users. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the key to this product actually working for me is to put more on my face than as directed. When I put more, it lathers better into my skin and my face feels moisturized. When I don't put enough, my skin feels a little dry and brittle. I don't normally have dry skin though, its a combination of oily to dry in some areas around the nose and forehead. I'm not sure after this campaign if I will buy a bottle because my results were not in the 'wow' department... I definitely don't look any younger, haha. I guess its all part of marketing.. I know people who've been using this product for years and their skin looks young and fresh and amazing so maybe its something that needs more time to adjust to your skin... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Okay I love this product!! Okay, it does not only have to be used as a magic potion(to make us all look younger)it can also be used as a an average make up product and it could be like a first makeup layer. Here are some other things it does :) -Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles,Makes me look a little bit younger but not that much! -Evens skin tone appearance,yup it really does :) -Enhances brightnessIt adds just that pop that most up girls like -Replenishes moisture-my face was moisterized like the whole day! In general I would rate this a 3-5 because its effective,don't get me wrong,but its not as effective as I hoped it would be :( I still look a little old and I still feel old :( This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm not one to regularly use moisterizer, as I have combination skin and have found it usually makes my face feel greasy. I haven't used Olay before so I was excited to give it a whirl. I had been waiting anxiously for my free trial of Olay Total Effects 7in 1 moisturizer and was pumped when in finally came in! I wasn't fond of the scent, it smells kind of old ladyish to me. But it went on smooth and left my skin feeling soft. So, all I can say is so far so good! I plan to keep using it to see if it really does all the things it says, such as reduce lines, even skin tone and reduce age spots to name a few. Also, will be looking to see if it causes me to break out as too any moisturizers do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for about a week and it definitely fulfills some of its promises. I've found it to helped my skin to: Enhances brightness Minimizes the look of pores Replenishes moisture I've found it to make my skin smoother and moisturized, especially since it's been chapped from the winter weather. Due to the oily nature of my skin, I found that it was a little too moisturizing for my preference but other than that, I would highly recommend it as an all around quality moisturizer. I intend to pass on my sample to my 85 year-old grandmother to try and get her input on the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My skin was just starting to flake from the winter dryness when I received this sample. No other moisturizer I have used has been able to stop my skin from flaking once it starts, but this one did. It also did it without the typical burning sensation some other moisturizers can have. It did appear to even out my skin tone at the same time and a little goes a long ways. However, even with my super dry skin I would not recommend it as a daily use moisturizer. I have combination skin and while this works great on my cheeks it seems like it is too rich and aggravates the acne on forehead and chin. In a nutshell: great for getting past any super dry spells but too rich for everyday use on combo skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the product works better than many products I have tried, but for someone who may have sensitive combination skin, this product left my skin breaking out due to the thickness of it. I could see how it would work for people who would be able to use this on a daily basis, but for me, my skin is just too sensitive to continue using it. Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer had a nice mild sent to it and the unique vitamin complex felt great as it hydrated my dry skin from this cold winter, but it bother my eyes and skin. I will have to stick with my hypo-allergenic moisturizer that is made specifically for sensitive skin. Thank you BuzzAgent for letting me try it out though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Once I received the 15ml sample of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, I was really excited to give it a go. I haven't been very nice to my skin recently and the harsh winter is showing up in lines and dryness. I was pleasantly surprised by the light scent of the product. So many times cosmetics tend to be overly strong and artificial smelling. Harsh scents are a giveaway my skin will say NOOOOO! I liked the small trial size (15ml) as it's a perfect size to slip in your purse in case you are having a shiny day and need a touch up. I found that the product definitely moisturized my face and left my skin smooth. I also appreciated the variety of shades they offer and felt like all nationalities of customers would be able to achieve that perfect, blended look. Did I find the product reduced the lines on my face Not really, but it did even out my skin tone and it did make my skin less dry and winter stricken. I'm not sure that this will become a staple in my cosmetics, but I did enjoy the trial period and my skin appreciated the extra attention. I think that the trial size would be something I may purchase again in the future but I see myself enjoying it more on an occasional basis and not everyday. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
At first opening I loved the product - neat format - easy to use pump and the smell was strong and pleasant , typical of Olay. They do not shy away from fragrance, and I like that. I have used the product repeatedly now and I love the way it goes on, smooth and instantaneously feels like my skin is getting re hydrated but sometimes when I put it on there is a tingling on my face that is not pleasant. I want a moisturizer to go on and you feel like you have not put it on. My face is not left greasy which is a bonus. I do not feel that it has minimized the look of my pores but after putting it on I would say the face feels firmer. Overall I like this product but I am not in love with this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm nearing an age where an anti aging moisturizer will soon be necessary and have been on the lookout for a decent product for some time now. I received the Olay total effects moisturizer in the mail and started using it right away. First of all, it smelled great and went on smoothly and evenly. It didn't dry out my skin or make it oily. Unfortunately, my combination skin didn't react well to a new product and I ended up breaking out so badly that I had to stop using it after 3 weeks. This made it difficult to properly review it. I would say that if you have an average skin type without any sensitivities, it's worth a try only because of the quality of the cream and the ease at which it went on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So i didnt want to try any review on this until i have been using it for a while.. So im going to list the pros. 1: dispenses perfect amount in one pump 2: smells great and not overpowering 3: didnt make my skin greasy or create any negative reactions That being said i didnt notice any changes in my skin other than maybe it was less greasy than it normally had been but i am also pregnant and cannot contribute that solely on this product. I didnt see reduced signs of wrinkles/crows feet at all sadly.. Which is what i was hopeful for.. But not everything can be miricle working. I love Olay as a product i swear by their body wash.. But i have to say this product didn't meet the same expectations This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received the Olay moisturizer and was hesitant in trying it as I have extremely sensitive skin. I applied it in the evening only as I didn't want to chance having a double whammy if I did have a reaction. The smell of the product is very light (almost not noticeable). The texture is smooth and it absorbs quickly and isn't in any way greasy or shiny. After three days (evenings) of using the moisturizer, I did have a reaction. Redness definitely, uneven blotchy skin - totally normal for me if I attempt to try anything other than my normal moisturizer. I'm giving the productd a 3/5 as I can't blame for product for my sensitivity issues. Also, due to only using it for a three day trial, that definitely isn't enough time to give it a negative review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well, I've used this cream as it describes on the bottle and while I appreciate a sample size I just don't see any difference. I've used it daily as written on the bottle and after ten days I've almost run out the product. I love the thick cream and how easy a small amount covers my face. If this were just a daily use lotion it would be perfect. I can't really comment on the effectiveness it claims because it says in as little as four weeks I've hit ten days and have seen no change. I love the fragrance free and texture in this cream. I will note my face did seem a bit drier everyday but that could be attributed to the change in weather where I live. Overall, as a regular lotion I would buy this product. If I were looking for an anti-aging product I simply did not have enough product to judge results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used the product for over a week now, and I was pleasantly surprised. I always associate anti aging creams with a very thick texture. It was not too oily, and smooth. It had a faint pleasant smell, not too strong at all. Now in regards to the claims: Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles Evens skin tone appearance Enhances brightness Minimizes the look of pores Visibly reduces age spots Restores firmness Replenishes moisture I did not notice any improvement in fine lines. It did not appear to even skin tone, as I have some acne scars. It did however minimize the look of pores. My skin did feel and seem noticibly smoother, moistured, and firmer. I can't commend on its effect on age spots, as I do not have any. I find it pleasant as a cream, but not different from other products I have tried. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It took me longer to rate this product as the size was so small and I could not notice any significant difference in my skin for the week as I normally just use coconut oil . The only claim that I can see from using this product is that it replenishes moisture I think I will need to use this product longer to see better results. It was also hard to Bzz as we didnt have any incentive that we usually get to spread the word - For example, if we had coupons to give out- it will be a natural way to start talking about how great a product is or the difference I see after using a product. I am always sincere with what I recommend and that is why my friends trust me and will buy a product based on my recommendation. Unfortunately, I could not see enough of a difference for me to talk about this product . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Ugh! I am so on the fence about this moisturizer! One the one hand, I know the Olay brand has been around a long time and you don't stick around if you have bad products! The quality of the moisturizer is good with regards to texture and consistency, but the fragrance is putting me off and the fact that it stung my skin when I used it after I washed my face. I tried it again another day at night, a few hours after I washed and it was okay. The problem I have, is that I like to put my moisturizer on right after my shower as I have dry skin and I find it works better for me that way. I am torn if I should try the fragrance free version. (I WISH that had been an option we were given) Also, I can't tell if there is something in this moisturizer that gives a nice glow or it is giving me a glow because it's working! Either way, I think under light makeup it would be nice because it does give my pale skin a lovely glow. I also can't tell yet if it is smoothing my fine lines. I don't know about the whole minimize the look of pores thing. I don't any moisturizer could really do that - but I will see how this performs when I use it more. (I have only used it about 3 times so far) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This worked great as a primer before makeup to smooth pores, etc. I think there's silicones or dimethicone, or some cone in there. Looks great when initially applied. Long-term, I'm not convinced that it's really a quality anti-aging product. Vitamin E and C are good for lightening spots and scars, but the vitamin C products I usually use have some sort of opening that prevents air from entering to avoid oxidization/ if you leave some out in the air for too long, it turns brown. That doesn't seem to be an issue with this product, which leads me to believe that it doesn't have high enough levels to be very effective. Overall it is a decent product though. It has an inoffensive smell, moisturizes, and feels luxurious, like a facial. When I use it, I definitely feel more confident going NoMakeup. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Common problem for women in their thirties is that signs of aging starting to show up in our face. Wrinkles and age spots are my main concern that prompted me to sit down with my tablet and search for products that will help me fight my struggle. I am glad I was chosen to try the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 moisturizer. This gave me the oppurtunity to try the product for free to see if it works for me. I have been using the moisturizer for 2 days now and counting. I like the mild scent and the non sticky feel. I have also felt a mild sting in my nose area after applying it but disappears right away in 2-3 minutes. I am hoping this is the sign that the cream is doing its magic. I'll keep my fingers crossed while Olay Total Effects fights my signs of aging. Will be updating you with the results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Product seems to have the same traditional smell it had when I was growing up as a child as I grew up to my grandmother faithfully using all olay products.. I really think this product worked when it came to highlighting your face, kind of like a shiny glow...taking away dark circles and feeling an even skin tone ... It also did refresh and make my face feel more moisturized, and lastly a very even skin tone... The only thing I noticed is after a couple days of not using I felt like my skin tone around my cheeks turned a little red as if I was blushing ... Using product again just to see if results are the same or the weather is affecting my skin ... I normally have fair skin and no issues at all... Will post another review This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received my sample Friday and excitedly opened it anxious to give it a try. I love the cute packaging, the mini version of a full size product was just too cute. On my first pump I was disappointed. There seemed to be an issue using the pump. It took several tries before getting any product to 'spurt' out , which sadly went everywhere. It seemed as if there was more air than product. Not being one to give up, I tried a few more times. The pumping resulted in the same issue....lots of air and a bit of product. As a last resort I cut the top off and put the product into a travel container....my fears were confirmed....the container was less than half full. Since Friday, I have been using it ( sparingly) after my usual morning routine. I love the texture and pleasant , not overpowering sent of the lotion. It goes on smoothly, non greasy, and is absorbed almost immediately. After 4 days I am noticing my skin is looking a lot better, more even tone, the pores on my nose seem a bit smaller, as are the fine lines I have starting around my eyes. Other than the issues with the samples pump and the lack of product therein, I love it. Can't wait to see what the results will be at the end of the sample ) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for a few weeks now, and I do not see any noticeable improvement in my skin tone or fine lines. I'm just starting to develop wrinkles and do not have any age spots, so maybe my skin is not at a stage where the product could have much of an impact. I guess that's a good thing! The product itself has a pleasant scent, but it's a little strong when you first apply it. It's texture is smooth, and even though it's tinted, it blends in nicely with my skin tone. I normally use a tinted moisturizer with sunscreen, and I have found the Olay Total Effects product to be not as effective in moisturizing. All in all, it's a product that I was not impressed with...yet. When I get older, my skin might be begging for it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So I've been using the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 anti-aging moisturizer for about one month. I must say that I really love the light scent and consistency of the face cream. It is not too thick and not too thin. You only need to use a little for your whole face. However, I have not noticed any difference in fine line and age spots. I still see the wrinkles and age spots that I had before. But my face feels quite smooth but honestly, I never really had problems with uneven skin. I have yet to find a product that dramatically reduces wrinkle and age spots. Overall, I think it is a good face cream that will moisturize your skin but I'm not sure of the anti-aging qualities. Please note that I have only used it for about one month- it may take longer for the results to show. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm on the fence with this one. I dont hate it but I dont love it. I like the silky feel the lotion has and that it is fragrance free. Also having the sunscreen in it is a plus. Im just not sure if it is actually making a difference in the appearance of my skin. I dont have a ton of wrinkles but I do have some and im sure more to come haha! But I just dont see a big change in the ones I have. I have always liked the Olay brand and their products, maybe this one just isnt for me. As just a mosturizing lotion I think its great. Silky feeling and wasnt sticky also dried fast. Because im putting it on before bed I am happy it is fragrance free as im not big on scents while sleeping. Overall I feel it is a good lotion, but for anti aging im not sure its doing much for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really excited to try the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I found that I liked the product when I started using it. It had: - great scent - smooth texture - felt nice after application However, in my case I also found some negatives. One minor thing that I did not like was the product still felt more oily than I prefer for a face cream. The other negative is that I found my eyes watering and stinging within about a minute of using the product. I tried using it twice but both times I had the same problem...and no I did not apply it close to my eyes. I was very careful how I apply it. Because of this I did not continue using this product. Overall, I think the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer may be great for many but because of the possible effect I would say that one should be careful if you have sensitivities. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been trying Oil of Olay Total Effects 7 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. It is a good moisturizer cream and does not go on greasy. I found that it is not enough moisture if in the winter if you have real dry skin. Great when you need a light moisture cream. It makes your skin feel soft. It will smooth fine lines and wrinkles but cannot say if it is working because I don't have these skin issues. It does even out your skin tone and brighten your skins appearance. It will minimize the look of pores and reduce age spots, I have only used it for a couple days and have not noticed these benefits yet. It does state on the box that it takes 4 weeks for skin natural self renewal process for healthier looking skin. I will continue to use this product and see if I notice the benefits after a week or more continual use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I would like to thank BzzAgent for giving me the opportunity to try the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I have used the moisturizer for four weeks now. I haven't found that it is any different than any other moisturizer out there. It has not reduced my age spots - perhaps if I used it for longer it might. One of the problems that I have always had with using moisturizers is getting pimples. Unfortunately I developed pimples while using the moisturizer. I have not received any comments from fellow employees that my face looks any different. I did like that it was fast absorbing and did not leave a greasy film on my face. The pump on the container is an excellent feature. I will continue to use the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer until the sample is done to see if it will reduce my age spots, and report back. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received my trial sample of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer and have been using this product for several weeks now. I do love how my skin feels. I can also tell that my pores are less visible now. I'm a huge fan of tinted moisturizers that help to even my skin tone and this product does not fail to deliver on this claim. My skin tone is noticeably more balanced. I would definitely consider making this product with the sunscreen my everyday moisturizer, but unfortunately I can't justify switching from the product that I have been using that does the same for a less expensive price. If Oil of Olay products were more affordable, I wouldn't hesitate to make the change. If budget is not an issue, I certainly recommend Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, I receive the trial in the perfect season to test it to the limit. in winter my skin tend to get very dry, so dry that sometimes it flakes on my nose but not this winter! I used it twice a day and it kept my skin smooth an well hydatated. it is really easy to apply not to thick and it get absorbed really fast by skin so no greasy feeling after application. I also have a sensitive type of skin so the product is also available in fragrance-free. as for it's anti-aging proprieties I did not see any results but I imagine since most anti-aging cream are working in prevention this one will also gives results over times to helps prevent sign s of aging . for its price it is really good quality...you don't lose much to give it a try This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti Aging Moisturizer for a few weeks now. I love the how it is making my skin incredibly soft. I live in very cold weather and find that my skin gets incredibly dry. My skin is extremely soft right now, and I am very pleased. Unfortunately it has not helped my age spot on my face. I have two. They have not changed in appearance or size at all. I was a little disappointed as this is one of the benefits listed for the product. My fine lines don't look a lot different but my skin has a very fresh dewy sort of look to it, sop overall I am pleased with the product. I would buy the product just for how well it moisturizes and for the fresh look my skin has taken. I am not sure I would recommend it only of the e gaining properties alone though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My skin: If you have read my previous post I have oily yet dry, acne prone sensitive skin with hyperpigmentation from acne scaring. I however, do not have any wrinkles quite yet. I also use topical acne products (hence why my skin gets so dry). It is also cold dry winter which makes my skin even more dry. As a moisturizer: good as a moisturizer. My skin wasn't flaky or peeling and it did not feel tight. As an SPF: this is a good baseline SPF but if you spend many hours in the sunlight or if you use acne products that make your skin more sensitive and more likely to burn, you will not be able to use JUST this. I personally have to use an SPF 45 after using this to prevent burns on my face throughout the day. As a hyperpigmentation corrector: I saw no improvement. I only used it for 3 weeks so I'm not sure if I keep using it, if that will help. I'm going to try for 6 weeks. As an anti wrinkle product: I had no wrinkles going into the campaign however, I am always actively searching for ways to prevent wrinkles in the future. (so this makes it a bit hard to judge how well the product works as an anti-aging product). I am happy to say I didn't develop any wrinkles during the campaign! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My mom always used Olay products so using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer made me feel really grown up. I used it in place of my regular moisturizer for a week and a half to test it out. First of all, I love the texture. It comes out like a mousse and it just melts into my face. I could just put this on all day. I do have dry skin to begin with, but after a few days I noticed it was even dryer than normal even though I applied it twice a day. I also noticed I was getting more blackheads on my nose but that went away after a few days. I didn't really noticed any improvement in the 7 signs of aging. My fine lines look about the same, my pores are bigger around the nose (see the attached picture), and my skin is dryer and rougher than with my standard moisturizer (it looks shiny in the picture but that's just the flash - it's VERY dry to the touch). I think Olay makes good products and my mom swears by them, but her skin is combination/oily. I wouldn't recommend this product for people like me with very dry skin but if they come out with a dry skin formula and the same mousse-y texture, I will be the first in line to buy it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I recently received in the mail a trial size (15 ml) of Olay's Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer to try from BzzAgent and OLAY. I loved it at first as it made my skin bright I would apply the moisturizer once before bed and again in the morning. However after a week of usage I had a very severe reaction. my entire face broke out into hives right before Christmas and I had an acne outbreak like no other. I had roughly 4 pimples on each cheek it was absolutely disheartening but now I know the sensitivity of my skin. I wouldn't go as far as to say that this product does not work or it lets you break out. But just be sure to test it on a part of your skin before using it on your whole face. In all honesty I experienced the brightness that the crme provided my skin. But the end results of it all was not worth it for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Now that I have been using this product for longer I have a more accurate opinion of it. I really like how fresh my face feels afterwards! My skin is much more hydrated since beginning with this lotion! I have also noticed a more even skin tone overall which is great! I have still not noticed a difference in the fine line around my eyes though. I feel like this product does not fully live up to it's claim of 7 in 1 anti aging effects. I would give it maybe a 3 or 4 in 1 label instead of 7. Overall I like this lotion as a general moisturizer but not much past that, and I feel as if I can get the same effects from any other facial moisturizer. I would maybe buy the trial size once it becomes available in stores but I do not think I would buy the full size version of this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received a trial size of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging moisturizer and was eager to try it as I have used Olay products for years. I am nearing 40 and have tried many products. I stick to a few that I prefer and Olay is one of them. When I first used this product I noticed an issue right away with the pump. I tried to go as slow as possible but no matter what I did the product would shoot out of the pump and go flying. I wanted to try the product though so I figured out a way to get it to land on my hand then I could apply it. I first noticed the smooth and silky texture which I absolutely loved. Applying it was a breeze and wasn't sticky or oily and had a very pleasant fragrance, not too strong. I was really impressed with the texture and how silky it felt. It dried fast but left my skin very silky and soft. Since this was a trial size I was unable to see any major results as I would have needed more product to use over a longer time frame. I would, however, use this product again if the pump would cooperate! I love the smell, texture, and how it feels on my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for just over 4 weeks now. I enjoy how tOlay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer contains Vitamins B3, B5 and E. The scent is not that bad and does not last that long, but at first it is a bit strong at first. I found that when i first applied the lotion to my face it had a burning feeling. After a few days of use this sensation went away but it did concern me at first as I do have sensitive skin. I do find that it helps even my skin tone and replenishes moisture in my skin but I do not notice a big difference with the fine lines and wrinkles. My skin does not feel any different when it comes to firmness and or the look of my pores. I do not have age spots so I am not sure how this area works. All in all this product is ok, but I would not personally purchase it as it does not complete all the tasks it claims to, as well it is not great for sensitive skin at first and I am not a fan of the scent. A few positive things of the product in summary is that it moisturizes all day and has multiple vitamins. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this is a great product. I did like how smooth the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer felt going onto my skin, but unfortunately it wasn't right for my sensitive skin. Within seconds of putting it on, I felt a slight burning on my face. It was relatively minor, so I did continue to use it so that I could see the differences it can offer for me. Here's my experience with this product: PROS: - I did find it helped smooth the fine lines on my face, which is great! - Lasting moisture for the entire day. - Slight improvement in skin tone. - Helped minimize pores slightly. CONS: - A bit too harsh for my sensitive skin, leaving me with a slight burning sensation after application. - Noticed increased shine on my face mid-day, which I didn't like. - Did not notice a difference in lift for my skin. - Not enough changes in skin tone or pore visibility for me to continue use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a nice, light every day moisturizer with pros and cons. First off, I really liked the metered dosage of the pump in the sample. Hopefully that's the same with the full sized bottle because I felt that it was just the right amount to cover my whole face. Secondly, the fragrance is what hit me next. It has a light fragrance that isn't too strong so it's not overwhelming when I put it on my face. The colour was pleasant and not too bold or strong and so it matched the scent well. The moisturizer itself is thick in texture but not thick at all on the face. It works great under makeup and isn't greasy at all. I was able to follow up the application of this cream with my daily makeup routine right away with no problems. Not sticky and tacky and doesn't roll or crumble off like other moisturizers. As for the bold claims this product makes, I haven't noticed anything different yet. No reduction in fine lines and wrinkles and no difference in my skin tone. Also, it's not quite moisturizing enough for the dryness of my skin. That being said, for a light, every day moisturizer, it's not the worst one I've ever tried, it's just probably not going to make my wrinkles disappear. Or at least it hasn't yet :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
1. When It comes to Visibly smoothing fine lines and wrinkles haven't seen any effect after 2 days. 2. As far as Making skin tone even inappearance or Enhancing brightness still no improvement after 2 days. 3. But I can tell You that rather then Minimising the look of pores it actually is maximizing it after only 2 days !!! 4. No change in age spots or worse can't tell Really yet. And I have a few !! 5. No Change in firmness nor moisture yet Down side. It's a bit too rich and oily ( personnaly finding it too oily and sticky immediately after usage. It does get better after a couple of hours ) Bright side. The smell Is not overwhelming which is a plus for me Because of allergy and one little pump goes a long way becAuse it Spreads easily so I have a feeling That small bottle Will Last me up for a while. Will See... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for several weeks now. It has a nice fresh, fragrance and smooth, luxurious texture. So far I am not seeing any outrageous wrinkle reduction but my face and neck skin is staying moisturized while in an extremely cold climate here. That is not an easy task. I will keep trying to use everyday to se if the results come eventually! amysea 5m ago I have been using the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for several weeks now. It has a nice fresh, fragrance and smooth, luxurious texture. So far I am not seeing any outrageous wrinkle reduction but my face and neck skin is staying moisturized while in an extremely cold climate here. That is not an easy task. I will keep trying to use everyday to see if the results come eventually! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for about 3 weeks now and to be honest I have not really noticed a big change in my skin. Wha I can tell you is I really dislike the smell, it is really not a very appealing smell and kind of sticks with you because it is all over your face and right under your nose. What I do like is the consistency of the moisturizer, it is very light and almost fluffy feeling, it goes on nice and smooth and absorbs well. I will say that I have seen noticeable difference in the hydration of my skin, it is not tight and my foundation looks freshly applied throughout the day. I will definitely continue to use this product for another couple weeks to see if I am witness to any further results of this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for several days now. What I like about it is that it is very light and absorbs quickly without feeling like you have a cream on at all. I apply it in the mornings and wear it under a liquid foundation and I find that it is an adequate base that does not effect my makeup or the length of wear. I did find that it had a very light but pleasant scent that dissipated with absorption. Although I look for help with anti-aging , I also have acne prone skin. I maintained my regular nightly skincare routine, and I did not find that adding this moisturizer in the morning caused an acne flair up of any kind. On the Anti-aging side, I feel that it did somewhat brighten and even the tone of my skin, but I did not find that it did much for dark circles under my eyes and fine lines and wrinkles around my mouth and eyes. I would recommend this as a good daily moisturizer, or even as a moisturizing base under makeup, as I did like the feel of my skin after applying. However, I would not recommend if you are looking for fast or dramatic anti-aging effects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well I wanted to add before and after pictures, but the before actually looked better! But that could be focus, lighting, etc. I don't believe this necessarily made my skin worse... but I did stop using my regular/ favourite products for a few weeks in order to properly test this out. For anti aging, dark spots, and acne I usually use (pretty inexpensive i.e. Garnier, Neutrogena, Roc) retinol creams, vitamin C serum and recently, turmeric cream. Can't wait to go back to my retinol!! It's the only think that I believe really works none to be found in Olay total effects. But it doesn't claim to have it. On the positive side, this product had just the right amount of moisture for my oily/ combination skin and worked as an excellent primer to wear under makeup. Really good immediate results, not so great long-term results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
In my early forties, I'm beginning to notice more wrinkles for sure. More recently, my face has sported some brown age spots that I tolerate, but that I'm not to happy about! Thus, I was happy to try Olay Total Effects, particularly when I read that one of its seven ant-aging benefits was to visibly reduce age spots. The bottle was cute and the scent light, not cloying (I dislike overly scented products). The creme itself seemed on the think side, and it didn't take much to smooth on my face. My skin felt moisturized and silky, though a little sticky because the creme is so thick. A pretty good start! However, my major problem with Olay Total Effects was that after two more days of using it, my skin got a big itchy, perhaps a mild allergic reaction, especially around my jaw line, so unfortunately I had to stop using it. I can't give a full review of how it might have improved my skin after three or four weeks, but I can say that for those who don't have a reaction like me, Olay Total Effects certainly is worth trying, because Olay is such a well-respected brand and the creme was quite luxurious! Happy anti-aging! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total Effects 7 in One Anti-Aging Moisturizer for almost eight weeks now, and I have mixed feelings about the product. First off, I am in my late thirties with combination oily/dry skin. Over the past weeks, I have noticed that my skin is brighter and does have an more even appearance - a definite plus for all those holiday parties! The moisturizer does go on smooth, however, it is a lot heavier than I am use to. It does not feel like it fully absorbs into my skin, and I am left with a slight filmy feeling. I have not noticed any real difference to my fine lines across my forehead. The product packaging is very nice. The pump is very sturdy and distributes just the right amount of the moisturizer. The moisturizer has a faint but very pleasant scent, which is not over-powering. There are quite a few positives about this product, however, for my skin, and for what I am use to, it is a bit too heavy. Thanks Olay and BzzAgent for the opportunity to try out this new product, and I hope others will find my review helpful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well I first have to say that I didn't want to report until I used most of my sample of Olay Total. I used it faithful everyday. The first time I used it I like the soft fragrance of Olay Total, it was light but found it a little bit grease rubbing in. I decided to but in on every night after I washed my face for the night. The first time I used it my skin felt very soft. As I started to use it every night I thought it was firming my skin a little but by the third day I started to break out, no this is nothing on the product Olay Total, it is my skin and it happens offen, my skin is sentive . So I wanted to befair so I kept using it on my clean skin every night. At the end of my seven days I did find my skin some what firmer, and I do think it made my skin brighter and looked nice with my make on. I just wished I didn't break out but like I said it just happens to my skin. I would recommend Olay Total . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First of all, I am a HUGE fan of Olay products. My grandma + mother have used Olay for as long as I can remember. I really have never used another brand...and my skin shows it! I had been using the same Olay cleansing routine since I was in my teens, and it was time for a change. I started using this moisturizer a few months ago, along with a total effects cleanser. I don't know what went wrong. Maybe the Olay for you lady swapped my profile with someone else's...because this just wasn't for me. I didn't notice any line minimization, lifting, pore refinement, or visibly younger-looking skin...which were all selling points for me. I also thought the moisturizing was a little over the top. It even left my skin feeling slimy until I cut back from using it daily, to using it every other day. Once I did that, I was very satisfied...but seeing as I'm not overly enthused about this cream as a whole, I wont be buying it again.
I was a little apprehensive on trying this product as my skin doesn't always react well to new creams. My skin looked really great! My complexion was a more even tone, I didn't have as much redness and for some weird reason, by adult zits were less noticeable. I did not see any change in my fine lines, which I am getting a few. I used this product for about 3 weeks and was deliberately holding off on submitting my review so I could see how my skin reacted once I returned to using my old product. The redness in my skin has returned and I have a few more pimples than before while using Olay. I was most shocked at how nicely this cream absorbed into my skin. I had no greasy feeling like with my old product - as soon as I started back with the old stuff, the greasiness returned. I don't think I would continue to use Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer in the future because it didn't perform quite well enough. This product isn't exactly cheap, though more reasonable than others, but I think I would invest in a product which does meet all of my expectations and needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for almost two weeks, I can honestly say, I havent seen much of an improvement. It has a heavy scent to it when you first apply it that I didnt care for, but this scent does go away quite fast, so I was happy about that. You only need one pump to get enough out of the bottle to have enough to cover your whole face and neck, witch I also liked. It blends in very fast witch is another great thing about it. Others Ive tried were the exact opposite and theyd feel like I was there forever trying to blend them in. So I really like this about the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I have found that my facial skin and neck do feel softer to the touch witch is nice, but I just havent seen any improvement in the deeper lines I have developing around my mouth area, or the fine lines that are closer to my eyes. To be fare it does say it takes four weeks and I havent been using it for near that long yet, so I will continue with it and see where I am at the end of the four weeks and report back to you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm one week into trying Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer and I'm on the fence as to whether I will continue to use the moisturizer after the trial. I'm looking for visible anti-aging results and so far, the only results I've seen is a break out of acne. I've been using my trial sample every morning after cleansing my face. I do feel like my skin is being moisturized, although it does become shiny after a few hours, which is sooner than usual for me. My skin also feels smoother, with the exception of this break out. To be fair, I'm not entirely sure if my break out is actually connected to the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer or if it's just a coincidence. It could be connected to hormones, so I'm not giving up on the trial. My skin is almost cleared up again, and I am looking forward to seeing how the next 3 weeks are on this trial and if I can see more of the promised results - such as fine line reduction and more refined pores. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Olay 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for a bit now and to be 100 I don't see much of a difference. Not sure if it was because I used too much, (the bottle is now empty) or what bit my lines are still the same. I will say I may continue buying the trial size because I do love using it before I put makeup on. My CoverGirl foundation goes on a lot smoother with it and the feel when I'm done my makeup is much softer. My Olay Check List Goes as Follows: 1. Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles - I saw no difference 2. Evens skin tone appearance - I saw no difference 3. Enhances brightness - I did find my face brighter. Even when I have makeup on. 4. Minimizes the look of pores - I saw no difference 5. Visibly reduces age spots - All my spots are still very noticeable. I think I may need a different product for this problem. 6. Restores firmness - I saw no difference 7. Replenishes moisture - I loved this part of the product as I said it made wearing makeup an almost daily thing for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have super sensitive skin and have a mild case of Rosacia... I rarely try any product that doesn't cause me red, itchy, and super dry skin... until now! This Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer really is gentle on my face. I have been using it for 1 1/2 weeks now... so far so good. It goes on smoothly, not greasy and quite light.. and absorbs quickly leaving a nice matte finish on my skin. It is great under makeup and I find it doesn't cause me any issues with my sensitive skin at all. I find a little goes a long way and the pump design works well to let me have just a small amount at a time so I am not wasting it. I am unsure if it delivers on all it promises as I haven't been using it long enough. Will report again in a few weeks and see where I am at. I am liking though which I never thought I would say about any product promising multiple benefits. I do think that so far it replenishes moisture and reduces the look of pores. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Olay Total Effects product boasts that it will help fight the signs of aging which sounds very attractive and tempting for people who are getting older and the signs of aging are beginning to show on our faces, like me. I've used the product for about two weeks now and I can only say that the product is okay. It's not the best and not the worst I've tried. The product does seem to work as I can see some of my age spots beginning to lighten up and I've noticed that my skin tone is beginning to even out. I think that if I continue using it I will begin to see the results and that change does happen. However, I don't think I will be purchasing this product once I'm done because I always get this little stinging sensation after I put it on. It doesn't turn red or irritate my skin or anything which is quite odd. Other than that, I found that the product made my skin look dewy for a it after I put it on and it absorbed quite fast. I didn't have to stand around and wait for it to absorb before I put on other products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Initial thoughts A little about my skin: I have oily acne prone skin. By mid day I can go through approximately 2 of the oil blotting papers and have them completely see through. I use topical acne products which tend to make my face fairly dry. So I technically have oily, dry, acne prone skin. I know, aren't I lucky Haha. From my acne I have a great deal of scaring and pigmentation. I am 25 so I don't have wrinkles (just yet). My hopes for the product: I was hoping the product would help even my skin tone and help minimize the appearance of dark scares and hyperpigmentation. I was also hoping the product would moisturize my skin and help make it feel less dry (especially since it's winter time and the dry cold wind doesn't help my skins dryness). Hard to test, but I was also hoping the product would help prevent wrinkles. First week of using it: The product went on smoothly and had a nice smell. No initial breakouts which is shocking since most moisturizers tend to make my skin break out. No visible improvements in the texture or hyperpigmentation of my skin after the first week. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Given that Olay is a reputable brand that has been around for years I was really excited to try the Olay Total Effects. I incorporated it into my daily regimen and this was the only moisturizer I used. The cream smells fantastic and it was extremely moisturizing however it did not agree with my skin. I used it every day for about 3 weeks. By mid day my skin was extremely oily and after the first week I started breaking out. I did not see any of the changes the product claimed to do but did find that my skin was very moisturizer. I found that after washing my face and applying the cream, the areas I had broken out in would slightly burn and if the product accidentally got around my eye area that would burn to. I had high expectations for this but found it to be a let down. I will not be purchasing but I hope it worked well for others who got to try it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
If you're looking for a lightweight but highly moisturizing product for sensitive skin I'd highly recommend this. Prior to using this product my skin was so dry that it was flaky, I tried various other products that were supposed to be hypoallergenic but I ended up with red, parched skin. Within two applications of this product I could definitely tell my skin was healing. My skin gradually became smoother, brighter and I could see a slight change in tone. I'm excited to see if there are other improvements with long term use of this product Pros: Hydrating, Lightweight, Smoother and Brighter Skin, Slight Improvement in Tone, can wear under makeup, quickly blended into skin Cons: Didn't notice a reduction in wrinkles, but it may takes longer to see results Best Uses: Everyday moisturizer Based only on the moisturizing properties alone, I would definitely purchase this product again. I only gave three stars because I did not see a decrease in my fine lines and wrinkles, but as I mentioned, my skin was really parched so it may take longer for me to see these results as my skin repairs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm not a big product person when it comes to my face. I don't wear a ton of makeup and my morning/evening routines are quite simple. The one thing I do daily is moisturizer my face. I have very dry skin and I'm constantly looking for a moisturizer that will nourish without feeling heavy and greasy. In regards to those criteria this product is great! What I love is that I don't need to use a lot (a little goes a long way) each time I apply. It goes on nice and smooth and absorbs into my skin quickly so I don't feel all greasy. In terms of dryness I have noticed a bit of a difference - the skin around my nose isn't as dry as it used to be. The scent of the moisturizer is very pleasant. Not over powering at all. Which is nice as I hate feeling like I'm inhaling a perfume factory on my face! Now I'm regards to the anti aging/smoothing out skin claims I'm not sure if I see much difference in my face. Now to be fair I'm daily young and don't really have any fine lines, etc so perhaps at this point in my life the anti aging thing isn't something I need to worry about. I like this product, and depending on what it retails for I think I'd consider purchasing it on my own in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a new mother I feel like I am in a whole new body. Especially my skin! I am tired and run down and it shows. I also don't have that much time in the morning to apply all the lotions and potions I used to so I need something to carry a lot of punch! With the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti Aging Moisturizer I am hoping for just that. I also need something that is easy to apply and not have to worry about a mess. I love that it has a pump! So far day one my skin feels moisturized, there is a slight hint of scent that isn't too over powering (I do prefer things to be fragrance free especially with a new baby) . It was easy to apply and didn't leave a greasy feeling (which I hate with other skin products). Will see how my skin feels in a few weeks, especially as winter has really started here. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried this cream a few times and I don't know if it's just that I can't get into a facial moisturising routine, or if I really didn't like the cream, but it wasn't as good as I thought it would be. Maybe more consistent use would show me some of the anti-aging effects that they advertise, but I couldn't get over the scent and the feel on my skin to use it every day. The 5 or more times I tried it, I found the scent was the standard olay scent that reminded me of a more modern version of my grandma's old olay scent. I found the cream to be a bit greasy going on, and then despite my face being somewhat on the dry side, the cream didn't absorb as well as I would have liked it to. I will likely continue to use small portions of it on particularly dry areas of my face (chin, nose, etc), but it wasn't a great daily moisturizer for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very surprised when I received the Olay Total Effects 7in1 trial sized bottle. I didn't think it would be possible to see results by the end of the bottle. I was pleasantly surprised. My immediate reaction to the moisturizer with the light scent and creamy texture. Very little was needed to cover my whole face and neck. It went on smooth and absorbed quickly. My skin instantly felt soft and smooth. Over time, I noticed that the vitamin complex in Olay Total Effects was actually beginning to fight some of the 7 signs of aging. For me, the first signs which began to improve was my uneven skin tone and the fine lines between my eyebrows began to soften. I didn't look as angry as I usually do. After many weeks of using this product my skin improves everyday. My skin is defiantly more hydrated and therefore looks much healthier. I like how my makeup can easily be worn on top of this product and stays put with very little retouching. I will continuing to use this moisturizer and watch as my skin improves while fighting the signs of aging. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've never tried Olay, so this was a first for me. The packaging was like any other anti-aging moisturizer product. The scent was nice and the texture of the moisturizer was nice and smooth too. I've tested the product for about a week now and here are the results: (Just to let you know, I'm in my young thirties, normal-dry skin and no visible wrinkles or lines except for 1-2 frown lines near mouth) Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles - No noticeable change! Evens skin tone appearance - Some changes Enhances brightness - Skin got brighter after second day! Minimizes the look of pores - Yes! Visibly reduces age spots - Don't have any Restores firmness - Not noticeable! Replenishes moisture - Yess!!! Smooth and hydrated skin after first application! So, I got 4/7 out of the moisturizer! Would I recommend it Not for my age group! It might work more effectively for 40s and up! SO for me I would stick to a regular moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After trying out Olay Total Effect 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for a few weeks I can say that it's pretty good. I like that it moisturizes well, yet is not oily. I have very oily skin and it does not make me a greaseball at the end of the day. It also does not make me break out, which is awesome. It has no offense smell. I like the pump dispenser which is sanitary. I have not noticed any changes in fine lines nor is my skin tone more even. However, these are not huge problem areas for me. I also do not have any age spots, so I can't say if their claim to reduce the appearance of age spots is accurate or not. My main concerns are to keep my oily face from glistening at the end of the day and to not break out (have acne on my face). This Olay product addresses my concerns. The thing I do not like about this moisturizer is that it contains parabens. I am trying to use more natural products without parabens and other preservatives. If you do not mind parabens then you should try this product. It's good in other regards. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My skin is fairly dry and I found that Olay Total Effects did a good job at moisturizing my skin. Some moisturizers make my skin red and hot, but this one was ok. I was a bit concerned because it isn't fragrance free. I don't really understand perfuming your face, but this product wasn't too strong. I can't say I noticed much change in my fine lines or skin texture. Basically all i found was that this product does as good a job as my regular moisturizer. However, my regular moisturizer has SPF while the Olay Total Effects does not. Kind of ironic to have a moisturizer that fights the seven signs of aging without helping to *prevent* aging with SPF!! I also noticed that after about a week of using the product once a day, I started getting some pimples. I haven't had pimples for years, so I was a bit surprised to see them popping up. The only change I made was my moisturizer, so I suspect the pimples are related to that. So, while this product did a good job of moisturizing my dry skin, its has more drawbacks for me than positives. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Canadian winters are known for harshness and I live on the East coast so that is almost a double wammy. I was lucky to received the Olay Total Effects complements of Olay from Buzz Agent to try out. I find myself looking for moisturizers and sun protection all at the same time since I find that the snow sometimes makes the sun burns worse for winter activities and when we do have beautiful weather I want to be out there soaking it up. Its a good product. My face is very sensitive but this doesn't affect that. My skin feels softer and is less dry then usual in this weather however I haven't an increase in youthfulness of my skin. The cream is slightly thicker than I am used to and it doesn't have a strong fragrance. It applies easily, but I found it took a while to sink into my skin. However since it does provide moisture to my face but I don't really notice the benefits of anti-aging I am scoring the product in the middle of the road. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer is a great product if you start using it in your 30's, but when you're closer to 50 there's just not enough of what mature skin needs to produce visible effects, it's a very effective moisturizer, but for age spots and uneven skin tone it merely provides an optical illusion, any decent moisturizer will reduce the appearance of fine lines, at least temporarily. My skin does feel silky smooth and it is wonderful for making make-up apply better. The scent is a tiny bit strong when first applied, but that fades in a matter of minutes. All that being said, this is only 2 weeks in, and I will definitely give the product the full 4 weeks and post again. I am however very impressed with the size, to be able to purchase something this size at a reasonable price rather than having to pay for a full size of something that may not work for you is fantastic, if only other products would take the hint. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have tried the Olay Total Effects 7 in one Anti-Aging Moisturizer for five weeks now. I am not finding that it is any better than the moisturizer that I have been using for the past couple of years. It claims that is minimizes the look of pours, I haven't seen a difference at all in mine. I still can see the two age spots that I have on my face. As far as making the statement that it visibly smooths fine lines and wrinkles, I can just say that I haven't gotten any more nor have they gotten worse. I did like that it is a thick cream. It does not leave your face greasy looking. My skin absorbed it right away. The pump is a nice touch. No one from work noticed any difference in my skin. I'm sorry but I would not go out and buy the Olay Total Effects 7 in one Anti-Aging Moisturizer from Olay. I would like to thank Olay and BzzAgent for giving me the opportunity to try the moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this a very nice moisturizer. It pumps easily out of the container and has a very mild but pleasing scent. Some people may find it completely scentless. I have been applying to my neck and face daily for the past two weeks. It applies easily and becomes quickly and fully absorbed without leaving any residue. There is no greasy after feel. The biggest effect I noticed was improved skin tone and moisture replacement. My skin feels firmer and more hydrated. I do not have very large pores so I have not noticed a change there. I have a few sun spots and have not noticed a marked difference in their color and size. I have not noticed a difference in wrinkle reduction. I would give this product 3 stars. It is a nice moisturizer that makes your skin feel good. I would like to see more sun spot reduction as well as smoothing of wrinkles and fine lines. I will observe for the next couple of weeks and report again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total effects is a thicker facial cream meant to help with the ever aging skin. I have never been much of a person to carry on a regime of skin car but I thought maybe after trying the product and seeing results it would change my mind. I was wrong. Though the creams texture is rich and thicker I really didn't see any difference from all the other creams I have tried. I must admit I did like how soft and smooth my skin felt but other then that to me it was just another cream. Mind you opposed to other creams I've used it is one of the most affordable. Remember as well my skin has already suffered from some of the aging signs including fine lines and wrinkles. Maybe if this cream was used before some of these things began on my skin my thoughts may be different. For me I am not sure I would go out to purchase this product. Not enough positive to make me run to the store to buy. Sorry Olay Total Effects... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Having tried this moisturizer for a few weeks I have found that this is a good product. I like that this lotion isn't super heavy but it also isn't one of those extra light milks. I have combination skin with an oily congested t-zone. This soothes the dry parts of my face but doesn't irritate the oily parts. I didn't notice any changes in the brightness, tone or fine lines on my skin. Perhaps after a longer period of usage I would see some of the loftier claims but as of now this is just a good moisturizer. One thing I did notice was the smell. I really dislike scents but this one has a faint scent that reminds me of classic Oil of Olay products. Yay for nostalgia. Bottom line for me is that if you need a good drugstore moisturizer than this is a good one to think about. If you are looking for a miracle then maybe look into other kinds of products or cosmetic procedures. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Olay Total Effects anti-aging moisturizer during my nighttime routine have been very pleased with the moisturizing properties. I have combination skin, I find that my cheeks get dry as the seasons get colder. Even though the temperatures this fall winter have been very mild in my area, I have still noticed the dryness in the air effecting my skin elsewhere (lips, hands, legs, etc.). So, I am very pleased to notice that my facial skin has not felt dry since trying Olay Total Effects. However, I haven't seen a noticeable difference in some of the anti-aging effects that this product promises to deliver. That being said, I'm only 26 years old thankfully have not noticed many signs of aging anyway. I don't really have fine lines or wrinkles yet, nor do I have issues with age spots or firmness. But, I've always been told that it's never to early to start using anti-aging products, the keys to looking youthful are moisturizer sunscreen. So I think it would be a good idea for me to continue using this product hopefully I won't start to see the signs of aging for a very long time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Right off, love the smell! Its a fresh, subtle smell that automatically makes me happier - not sure how a smell does that - but it does! I have oily T-Zone and acne prone skin. It didn't make me break out any more than what was already on my face, but I dont think it helped it disappear or anything. I have been using it now for almost 2 weeks every morning. It doesn't affect how my makeup goes on and doesnt make my face any more oiler than it already is. It moisturizes well enough that i dont need to reapply - so it does replenish moisture! (1 of 7). I didnt notice a huge difference with enhancing brightness or minimizes the look of my pores. I didnt have many wrinkles so i cant speak to that, but i can speak to my face feeling firmer. Over all, I feel if i had enough product to try for a longer period of time it would have helped but from the trial size I can say i am satisfied with the product and would probably purchase to try a full size just to see if the rest of the 7 effects is claims are true. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used Olay Total Effects 7 in one Anti-Aging Moisturizer daily for two weeks. One pump and the lotion bottle dispenses an appropriate amount for spreading over my face. I am enjoying the light fragrance, and soft and non-greasy feel of the lotion. The moisturizer spreads fairly well and soaks into my skin quickly. My skin does feel a bit softer and more supple after use. That being said, Olay makes rather bold claims about what this anti-aging moisturizer will do. It boasts that the product visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles, evens skin tone appearance, enhances brightness, minimizes the look of pores, visibly reduces age spots, restores firmness, and replenishes moisture. I'm not sure my skin tone looks any more even or bright, or that my age spots are really any lighter. As a light moisturizer, this Olay product is alright, but I haven't noticed any dramatic changes. I'll continue using the moisturizer till it's finished.....perhaps there's a miracle in the bottom of the container! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
O.kit's been over 4 weeks since i've put Olay Total Effects to the test. I love the packaging. I love that it only dispenses a little amount with every pump. Because you cannot put the product back in if you pump too much(which is good actually. You don't want product exposed and open to contamination or eventually expiration of quality). I appreciated the perfect amount that it pumped and on a very dry day i used a little more. It first feels very rich on my skin and i'm not sure if i'm going to like how heavy it feltthen it really just melted into my face. A little goes a long way. The scent is pleasant- almost too strong for my likingbut not off-putting. I have been using it religiously and have not noticed a change in the appearance of my skin. My skin tone remains the same. My age spots are still as front and centre as usual. And my wrinkles aren't any smoother. What i will tell you though.is my skin is baby soft!!! My husband even mentioned it. So definitely 10/10 for texture! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that I went into this campaign thinking, yes, this promises to do really well on my skin. After using it for a while now, I don't notice much going on. I feel like I need to use more than directed because my skin gets dry -- more so than before... My skin doesn't look any younger and I honestly didn't really believe it would. The seven signs of aging they say will improve but again, I don't see it. I like the texture of the product and the way it blends into my skin. I like how it doesn't have a strong scent or close to no scent at all. I'm in my early 30's so maybe I can't be compared to someone who has more signs of aging for example a 60 year old... and maybe this targets older skin But I do have oily-ish skin and this kind of makes my skin dry... from one opposite to another... All in all I don't think I will buy this product because it's not right for me but I'm glad I had the opportunity to try it because I've heard good results and so many people use it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved the trial size version of this product. One pump was enough to cover my entire face - a little goes a long way. The cream itself is light and airy, with a smooth texture. I loved this as a moisturizer, my skin was soft and there were no dry spots on my face, which is normal for this time of year for me. I didn't notice any change in the brightness, skin tone, fine lines or wrinkles, or any of the other effect -other than moisturize. I've used the product daily for over 3 weeks now and although I enjoy it as a moisturizer, I won't continue using the product. I've been having outbreaks of pimples (big) on my chin area since using. This is unlike my skin, as I don't have an issue with breakouts and acne. I've used many Olay products in the past, and have been satisfied, but I can't say the same with this product - unfortunately, as I do wish it worked with my skin! If it weren't for the breakouts, I'd continue to use - so if you haven't yet, give it a try! *the attached photo was a before shot This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I come from a long line of Olay users. I still remember that distinctive smell that it gave my grandmother. So I was pretty excited to give An Olay product a try. In the past the price along was enough to divert me to my current Aveeno moisturizer. And I think I'll stick with the Aveeno. The first time I applied Olay Total Effects 7-in-1 moisturizer it burned a little, but I chalked that up to how dry my skin must be. That old familiar Olay scent was there- and it's not as appealing as I recall. Actually, it smells a bit like an old lady. What was nice about it was that it was non-greasy and kept my skin moisturized for most of the day. I've only been using it for 5 days, so can't comment on the age defying effects, but since I'd need to buy more to have enough to use it for the 4 weeks that is recommended to see results, I don't think I'll get there. Sorry, Olay, the women in my family in previous generations have been dedicated but this girl is sticking with the much less expensive and equally effective Aveeno! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try the Olay Total Effects, as I normally use an inexpensive cream moisturizer. As a 50-something, I was hoping it would produce some great results. Unfortunately, even after using it for a few weeks, the results have been underwhelming. While it did appear to fade an age spot, which was wonderful, it really didn't do anything for the fine lines or wrinkles - certainly not enough for anyone to comment on - maybe my lines and wrinkles are too well developed! Also, I had to stop using it on my nose, as it broke out - something that hasn't happened since my teenage years. It does have a nice feel - smooth and silky - goes on easily, doesn't have a strong smell, and comes in a cute little container that dispenses easily - all positives. Overall, it works fine as a moisturizer (except on my nose), seems to fade age spots a bit, but does nothing for my lines and wrinkles. Given the price point compared to my inexpensive cream moisturizer, I won't be switching. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have finished using the sample size of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. Putting my initial concerns aside regarding the alcohol based ingredients I must say that using this product was a pleasurable experience. My skin looks and feels smooth and soft and I maintain a healthy glow. This product is not heavily perfumed however it does have a light scent. For me, the fragrance was not an irritant and I quite enjoyed it. My conclusion is that while this product performed well in making my skin appear smoother, it would also be a bit pricey to maintain use. The trial size product may help to keep cost down but, there are other, more comparable, products on the market that can give you similar or better results for less money. I am satisfied with my experience in using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer but, I will most likely continue using my previous products. In the end, I was glad that I had the opportunity to try it. At the very least, it's worth giving it a try. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer claims to have the following effects: 1.Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles 2.Evens skin tone appearance 3.Enhances brightness 4.Minimizes the look of pores 5.Visibly reduces age spots 6.Restores firmness 7.Replenishes moisture I used this product diligently everyday (sometimes twice a day) for a month. I did not notice any changes except that my skin was adequately moisturised with it's use. The moisturiser went on smoothly and felt light on my face. It did not irritate my sensitive skin. It has a pleasant scent. I was hoping to see a difference in the lines and wrinkles on my face, but unfortunately I did not. Perhaps with prolonged use I might see a difference. The product container was easy to use. Just one pump dispensed enough of the moisturiser to adequately cover my face and neck. I may purchase this product (on sale) as a summer moisturiser when I want something light on my face. Thank You BzzAgent for the opportunity to trial this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've just finished my four week trial of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. If you caught my first review, you know that I loved many things about this moisturizer, including that it is fragrance-free, the light luxurious and non-oily feel of the lotion, and the fact that it contains many vitamins and anti-oxidants. What I really wanted to know was if it would truly get rid of my fine lines on my forehead. So I took a photo on day 1 and a photo on day 28 to see if there was a difference. To be honest, the difference seems very minimal to me. All of the things I liked about the product from the start still hold true today. In general it did a good job of keeping my face moisturized, but on several occasions when my skin was more dehydrated it didn't do quite enough to keep the skin from looking dry. I found it worked best when my face was damp, and the product spread further that way. I gave it a 3/5 because although it didn't really get rid of my fine lines, it still feels nice on my face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Since using the sample I perceive an improvement overall t is not drastic but definitely discernible enough so that I feel confident enough to encourage two people close to me to try the product as well. I have bought product (unscented/sensitive) for myself and used points (shoppers drug mart) to acquire the same for my Mother. Her skin is good except for darkness around the eyes and a bit of slackness. She has been using it for days now and hasn't reported any improvement to me yet but I expect that in time she will notice a brightening of overall tone, firming and lightening and reduction of fine lines around the eyes and corner of the mouth. Otherwise she has great skin for a 60+ year old. I've have shared my sample with a friend who requires more convincing. I've portioned out some of mine for her, enough for her to use for a month. She works in a kitchen and doesn't take great care with herself though I encourage her to. I've also encouraged her to take vitamins and and bought her body care products (olay body wash and body lotion) are well as we a both getting on (40+). I am sure that she will definitely notice improvements faster than my Mother if she sticks to a regime of daily use, this is issue with her. I will have to stay on her so that she remembers to stick to it. Her skin could be improved with better texture, reduction of uneven tone and reduction of pores and lines. She will improve if I keep on her and I hope that in about 10 more days she will see improvements for herself. At the moment I perceive a reduction in redness and blotchiness. Her pores are not as visible as mine and I am sure we will both see improvements soon. I suggested using the cream at night as it is easy to skip things in the morning rush. Thank you for including me in this campaign, I will continue to use Olay 7 day throughout the winter as this is the time of year that skin issues come to the fore. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Lo v e how my skin feels and smells. I've yet to see a change in the fine lines but I like it so far. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
nice cream for morning application. a little more scented than i'd like but goes on nice and not greasy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have enjoyed using Total Effects Daily Face Moisturizer. My skin feels soft and not greasy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like this moisturizer but the scent is killing me also, because I am very fair skinned I need a strong spf.
This is the only product that I need for an easy low maintenance daily face care regime. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received the trial size bottle of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer to try out, courtesy of Olay. It is a great size for travel, or even for those who don't go through a lot of product and don't want a full size bottle on their sink. After using the moisturizer for a few weeks, I am breaking down the 7 effects that are claimed in relation to how I feel they applied to my use. 1. Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles: I don't have a lot of lines just yet, but this product made applying my makeup smoother with less creasing. 2. Evens skin tone appearance: I didn't find a change in my skin tone - I tend to have redness and discoloration in some areas and this remained the same. 3. Enhances brightness: I did not find a difference in the brightness of my complexion. 4. Minimizes the look of pores: The Olay moisturizer was a nice base before my foundation, and did smooth out my few visible pores around my nose. 5. Visibly reduces age spots: I cannot comment to this claim, since age spots are not a factor (yet!) 6. Restores firmness: My skin did feel nice and smooth/supple after applying. 7. Replenishes moisture: I found that this product would likely be better in the summer for me. It is a light moisturizer, and couldn't quite combat the tightness of my drier winter skin. I have combination skin, but it wasn't quite hydrating enough this fall/winter. I would probably recommend this product for skin that is a bit oilier, or in milder weather. Overall, I found Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer to be a nice lightweight moisturizer which absorbed into my skin well, and had a mild, pleasant scent. It does claim to be fragrance free, however it does have a faint scent to it. Although I don't see the brightening effects mentioned, or evening of my skin tone, this would be a good summer moisturizer, and a handy size. I only wish it had been a little more hydrating for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a person who is used to being told I look much younger than my age, and quite frankly, I would like to keep it that way, so I was pretty excited to try Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer as I have begun to start showing the signs of aging around my eyes and thought this was a great opportunity to give another product a shot at diminishing those nasty little wrinkles. I was also quite excited to see if my pores would actually minimize in size as I have noticed that with aging, my pores have gotten larger. On a daily basis, I usually use an oil free moisturizer containing SPF 15, then at night, after washing and applying toner, I apply an anti aging serum. My skin is sensitive and can be adult acne prone, so I decided I would only use the Olay Total Effects and continue with my regular washing and toner habit. At first, I felt positively about the new moisturizer it felt great on my skin, it wasn't too thick when applying and my makeup went on smoothly atop of it. I even told some fellow mom's about how it was keeping my face feeling fresh, even in the snowy weather we had been having. I continued with my new routine for a few days, then I noticed that my skin was becoming a bit aggravated and I started breaking out (uh oh). I became a little concerned, but continued using Olay Total Effects, but still, I broke out and I had to discontinue its use (because honestly, I'll take clear skin over some small wrinkles). I have looked at the ingredients, and although it is oil free (a huge plus), it does contain glycerin, which can cause my skin to become irritated. Although I didn't get to use the product for the suggested length of time to see its full effect on my wrinkles or my pores, I can say that a person would feel moisturized throughout the day, even in harsh winter weather and can feel confident about her makeup staying on atop of it. Perhaps a person with less sensitive skin can find the results they are looking for Sorry Olay, I gave it a shot, but my skin was just too sensitive for your product, *sigh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
In order to properly review this product in the hopes of helping others make an informed buying decision, I need to use the product over an extended period of time. I have only been using the product for 3 days and I would like to at least give it a week to see what it is capable of. This review will be one of two with this one commenting on the product itself and my opinions on that. I have used Olay products in the past and I have not been a fan due to the fact that they have either broken me out or made me feel really oily and greasy. First off, I LOVE that the Olay Total Effects is oil free. As someone with highly sensitive skin, this is a winner for me already. I break out super easily and although it is still to early to tell, I don't anticipate this being harmful on my skin. It contains a few different Vitamins and claims not to be harsh on skin so I am excited to see what it is able to do for me. There is a mild scent in the lotion but it is nothing overpowering or distasteful - I usually prefer a scented lotion but it feels awkward when it is scented and on my face... I do wish that it was fragrance free but it is mild enough that it will not be a deal breaker for me. As I have noticed with previous Olay Products I have tried for my face, this one is not greasy. Maybe that has to do with the fact that it is oil free I am not sure exactly, but I find that it is fast absorbing as it claims and it does not leave my face makeup streaky or greasy. My only complaint with the lotion is that it feels a bit heavy on my face. I prefer to not be able to feel what I have on my face and this scares me as I feel like it is not giving my pores room to breathe AKA I do not want to break out! Lastly, I love the 7 in 1 idea but I question whether it is truly possible. The sellers for me in this lotion are the effects of evens skin tone appearance, brightness, and moisture. This excites me because I feel like out of the 7 things it claims to do, my three struggles are the easiest three to fix. So far, I would say that I am 50/50 on the product. I like how the product is oil-free and not greasy, but I find it heavy on my face. I love how it claims to be gentle on the skin but I am hesitant on that claim based on my previous experiences with the Olay brand. So far I am satisfied with my three day results although I don't feel it is accurate to lay claim until I have given the product about a week to work. My skin does feel great and the lotion is moisturizing but so far I can't say that it is better than the lotion I currently use. I will update in about 5 days with a review on the 7 Olay Effects! Stay Tuned! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved how moisturized my face felt afterwards. Didn't leave it dry feeling like other ones I've tried in the past! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I gave this a rating of three even though I won't be purchasing this again because I do think it is a product that lives up to many of the claims. However, I found it to actually be very drying on my skin, and actually by about day three found I was having to put another moisturizer on after it just to get rid of that tight skin feeling on my face. I made sure to just use a regular body moisturizer though so that I could see how it did on other claims. Here are my observations: Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles - yes, Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging did help with fine lines and wrinkles, but I don't think it did significantly better than my regular brand (Loreal) at this. Evens skin tone appearance - I didn't notice a difference, but to be fair my skin tone is pretty even in general. Enhances brightness - I thought that Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging did well in this category. My skin definitely looked brighter when I used it. Minimizes the look of pores - also thought that Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging did well at this. I usually use Biore strips on my nose and didn't even need to while I was applying this (and I was checking closely! lol). Visibly reduces age spots - Another category that Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging did well in. I don't have a lot of age spots, but hey I'm 41 there are a few! It did do a good job at visibly reducing those I do have. Restores firmness - I didn't find that Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging made much of a difference in this category versus my normal cream (Loreal). Replenishes moisture - definite fail in this category. Right from night one when I applied the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging cream my skin felt tight and dry. I resisted putting on any other moisturizers the first couple of nights, but it was pretty extreme (to the point I was so happy to put my morning cream on). This review was collected as part of a promotion.
good product but not suitable for my skin because after two days of testing small buttons appeared on my face This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the efficiency of moisturizing helps a lot in the skin appearance so you look younger. Good experience. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using this since I received it, it's been an amazing moisturizer but has not diminished my lines! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good product, my skin is smooth after using and not itching, but the smell is too persistant. It respond to the criteria of the description. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that this product smells really good, it reminds me of my mom when I was a kid! it doesn't seem oily and my skin actually feels healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Can't say that I have seen a difference using this product. It's good, same as every other anti-aging product. I was glad I tried it though This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the texture and the lightness of this product. It's not greasy and sinks in well. I would likely purchase this again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Okay total effect is extremely moisturizing and makes my skin soft and subtle. Has a nice light fragrance This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this product is good. Did I notice a major difference Not really. It smells good and my skin feels nice, i have enjoyed using it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the metered dosage this container provides. The lotion has a nice light scent and absorbs in seconds. it makes my skin feel smooth and looks brighter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Initially, I was thrilled to be a part of this campaign. Oil of Olay has a strong reputation for being a dependable product and I even use the soap to wash my face. As I have sensitive skin there are only a few types of cleansers that I can use. So, when it came to trying the oil of Olay seven in one antiaging moisturizer I was excited. When I got the trial size I have to admit, I didn't read all the fine print and I was a little disappointed that it was only the trial size, but having the opportunity to try moisturizer that was less expensive then the current antiaging moisturizer I am using I wanted to give it a try. I had to use more than was necessary, due to the fact that I live in a cold climate. It had minimal smell, which is important to me, because I am sensitive to fragrances. I was also excited, that the moisturizer did not irritate my skin. I live in Alberta where the weather can be extreme from one end to the other, I found that I needed to use a fair amount of the moisturizer to compensate for the dry cold winter weather that I was experiencing with my face. It would've been nice to have a full bottle to see The claims that the moisturizer was advertising. I found that trying to sample size bottle it was not enough for me to make the claims that the bottle was stating. Overall the oil of Olay seven in one antiaging moisturizer was OK. If I had to try it again, I would buy a full-size bottle. I would however, try it in the summer because of the extreme weather I live in. I need a much heavier moisturizer to combat the dryness that I experience in the winter months here. The trial size bottle maybe good for little getaways where you need a quick moisturizer but as a daily dependable moisturizer I was neutral. I would try it again but I would need to try it for the full 30 days to see if the claims it's making are actually true. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this moisturizer every morning and night for over a week. I must say it does work however I am not a huge fan of the smell. I also found it to be a bit oily and very expensive for what you get. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I do like the feel of this lotion on my face, soft and smooth. But as for the looking 10 year younger in 4 weeks, I don't believe that it does. I have not had any compliments on my skin looking younger. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product feels great to apply however i have not seen a change in my skin, and finding it does dry out my skin faster than my normal moisturizer. love to look of packaging and the pump format. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved the way it feels on my skin. I have sensative skin and this product didn't leave my face red . I will recommend this product to my friends. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So I'm starting to notice small changes in my skin , fine lines reducing tone improving but nothing drastically different yet . I'll keep using daily and log results This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Total Effects Daily Face Moisturizer for several months. I do like it, but I previously used Olay's Regenerist Serum and I loved it. I will go back to Regenerist when I need to buy more. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer appears to have made my skin tone more even. A friend even commented that my skin looks brighter. I'm not sure if it helped with the fine lines This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I felt like the features in this product I can get from other products. It sting me the first time I used it but I was fine the other few times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer to review. I really like that this product had a pump which allowed the perfect amount to be dispensed each time. It also allows for an easy and clean application. The product is more of a cream consistency and is lightly fragranced. The product claims to fight seven signs of aging: 1. Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles 2. Evens skin tone appearance 3. Enhances brightness 4. Minimizes the look of pores 5. Visibly reduces age spots 6. Restores firmness 7. Replenishes moisture After trying this product for 2 weeks I can honestly say I did not see all of the above results. I did find that the moisturizer evened out my skin tone. My skin tone was less red looking and more uniform. I also found the moisturizer did replenish moisture and left my skin nicely hydrated for the whole day. As for the other benefits, I did not see any results. I have very fine lines around my eyes but saw no change. My skin still seemed to have a dull appearance. I have large pores in the cheek area close to my nose but didn't find they were minimized with the use of this product. I didn't notice any change in the firmness of my skin. I actually don't have age spots yet so I can't really comment on that aspect. Perhaps with continued use of this product I would see more of the claimed benefits in my skin. I do suffer from oily, acne prone skin. I'm happy to report that my skin did not get any oilier than usual. However, I did develop a few pimples while using this product. Maybe it was too rich for my skin or maybe I was going to get those pimples regardless of what I used. My final opinion on this product is that it is an excellent moisturizer but not a good anti-aging moisturizer. I would recommend it as a good every day moisturizer but would skip it for its anti-aging benefits. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I didn't find any improvement with this cream. in terms of wrinkles or fine lines. It did feel good on my face and I would use it again if only to use under my foundation. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just received my sample yesterday. Yay. Like the texture, soft and silky, and applies evenly. Doesn't leave a greasy, oily feeling. Looking forward to seeing if the product stands up to its name. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
For me the product didn't really make any difference. My skin was moist but the wrinkles are still there. I hope I will see any difference soon. So far, my experience is not so great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think Olay total effect7 in 1 is a great innovative product at a reasonable price. It leaves skin soft And smooth reducing the look of wrinkles This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total Effects 7 in One Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I've been using for about 2 weeks now I've noticed that my skin feels better also looks better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It is moisturizing but it did cause redness and blotchiness around my face. My skin is sensitive and i guess yhe ingredients are a bit too strong for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love tais product ! I see a Amilioration of my face !! I feel Better and feel young ! The parfum is not smell to much ! Everybofy need to try it !! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the consistency and smoothness of olay total effects. Sadly my skin started breaking out when I started using it and I couldn't use it again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First day starting to use this product. I like the smell and the feel of it. It applies very nice and absorbs quickly. Hoping it works of the age spots. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really enjoyed using The Olay total effects anti-aging moisturizer. I recommend it for anyone who is concerned with their skin and the effects of age. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It didn't do wonders on my skin (like make me younger by 20 years) but it did help a little bit! It's a good starter cream and worked well around my eyes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Quite skeptical at first but it eliminated some fine lines on my forehead. Didn't leave my face feeling greasy or shine. Moisturized my face perfectly and not feel dried out after awhile. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a good product. Made my skin softer but oily. I usually like Olay products however this one was for me. I would recommend it to someone who was interested in this type of product though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So far all of the products statements have been true. No oily feeling left on the skin. Absorbs into the skin nicely. I have only been using it a few days and have noticed the difference in my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Today is only day 2 of using this product so far, my skin feels wonderful so far so we will see how well it works!!! easy to apply and it smells good too, absorbs in quickly so you do not have that greasy film feeling left on your face or hands This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After i used Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer my skin feel so good and soft . I could not tell the result because it was small bottle i am waiting that it came in store but after i used it my king was shingle too This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love how you don't have to use a lot of this stuff and my face feels moisturizer all day....2nd day using this....first day I was a bit unsure but after the end of the day I loved it...a bit oily to put on I thought but that goes away quick This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Originally, It worked great! During the winter months my skin is awfully dry and I need something that is much more moisturizing. My skin doesn't stay hydrated through the day. I would definitely use it in the Summer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using for a week now daily in the morning and have already noticed my skin tone being more even, however I find that my skin still feels dry mid day. Smells great and will continue to use and see what the outcome is. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been u sung it faithfully for four days straight and so far no difference hopefully after a week I will se a change until then I will just continue to use it and watch for results This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Though, the cream is light, pleasant smelling, and is absorbed really quickly into the skin but even after two weeks of using it day and night I cannot see much difference in the way my face looks or feels. It was not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think its a good cream for the price range, it left my skin soft and hydrated. The scent isnt too strong, and it is well absorbed in the skin, not leaving a greasy feeling to it ! I didnt see a big difference on my pores thought. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think his would be a great product in a different climate. I don't find that I get enough moisturizing from it. My skin has felt scaly and itchy. I will give it a try in the summertime when my skin isn't so dry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Got this the other day, and started using it that night. I haven't noticed any results yet, but I love the soft scent of it, and how it doesn't make my face oily when I put it on. Will keep using it, and hopefully, it'll do it's job :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I found this product to be good. It had a great smell, went onto the skin nicely leaving my skin feeling smooth and refreshed. As for the anti aging I have not seen any drastic improvement in the alloted time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I always have confidence on Olay products. I think it is still too soon to see noticeable result after using the trial version, but it does smells good and comfortable to put on. Maybe it's due to having SPF, I find it a bit too oily for my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Although i didnt see younger healthier skin, the olay total effects 7 in 1 did make my face softer so thats a plus. I'm sure if I continued to use this product longer I would notice the difference. It is a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I didn't see a huge change. First few days my skin was more hydrated but then it got red and dry. I blame my pregnancy and winter weather. I think I'll try this product again AFTER I give birth, just to be fair. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The moisturizer is feeling great when putting it on, and i like the light texture. However i havent seen results in regard to fine lines etc. The product looks great in its package and i love the pump design to much easier to get a good amount. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
the product made my skin glow and look refreshed and my wrinkles and lines seemed smoothed but the olny draw back down fall was it seemed too have too much alcohol in it so it dryed my face out as i have sensitive skin other wise all around a great product !!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the oil of olay products in general are great but not too sure this on is for me I how how much it moisturised my face and made it very soft but didn't like how tight it made my skin feel so for me about 50/50 like part but not all aspects of this product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great on dry skin.love the way it makes your skin feel soft and hydrated.
I can't give this product a perfect 10 just yet! I have only been using it for 3 days now. So far I absolutely love the way it makes my skin feel and look......it has really changed the evenness of my skin tone in as little as 3 days. I can't wait to see the results after a couple of weeks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that this works as a moisturizer. I didn't see much of an improvement in fine lines around my eyes. I'm not sure if I would purchase this particular product for fine line reduction. I would however purchase other olay products if they moisurize as good as this. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total Effects is okay as a moisturiser, but maybe you need to use it longer to get the full benefits of the 7 claims. It goes on smoothly and feels silky, but is eventually a little greasy feeling (glowing is a nicer word) after a few hours. If your skin is very dry, this might be a good choice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product is not bad. Many similar products on the market. Anti-aging is great in skin care product. Would be great long term benefits. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have tried Olay 7 effects for a free trial. I think that the moisturizer feels nice when applied. especially good for winter months. I don't think that there is any difference in fine lines or pore size but I would continue to use this moisturizer as my skin feels soft and does not cause breakouts This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I put some in my hand and instantly loved the texture and weight of the lotion, not too thick or heavy and silky smooth. I love the way it feels on my skin and my skin feels extra soft since I've started using it but, I've seen no improvement in tone, scarring or fine lines. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think anyone looking for a great moisturizer should try this Olay product that I received free to try from Bzzagent. This is by far the best moisturizer I have used in a very long time, my face feels great all day long, this cream has my face looking and feeling healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The cream felt nice but I have not noticed any real difference in my face. I don't know if given enough time there would be any kind of difference but I am out of the sample. Sorry but I won't buy a full size product without at least seeing real progress from the sample size. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The cream is ok.. Still left some dry patches on my skin in this cold weather, so I think something a bit more is needed at this time of year. The smell wasn't that great. I would prefer a different scent. I didn't notice any difference from any other face cream. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
even though this product goes on easily and does not leave any residue on your face, and makes your skin feel smooth, I really have not seen any difference appearance wise!!! I am also starting to break out with more zits than I have had in years !!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I noticed since trying Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, that my fine lines are more even. My skin felt smooth. I liked the smell of the product, it wasn't overpowering. My skin wasn't as dry, especially for winter. I give this product 3/5. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received my trial size of Olay Total Effects 7. Once I got it I put it to use. I'm not sure how I feel about it yet. It kinda leaves my skin a little greasy and heavy feeling. I like the idea of the trial size (available to all in Feb.) Try it out cost efficiently first. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Olay moisturizers for over 10 years and for some reason this one dried my skin out instead of moisturizing it. It feels greasy going on which also disappointed me. I've always loved play as a brand, and the moisutrizer I'm used to using has never dried my skin the way this one has. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think thia product is great. Really showed a difference with moisture. I have a dry area and this worked for the day. I will probably purchase this. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I found that while it moisturized my face it felt oily at times and truly I never really seen any different at all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total Effects 7-1 moisturizer for 7 days. I really like that it absorbed in quickly and has a light feel. I have not noticed any reductions in fine lines and wrinkles. My skin did feel smoother. Olay Total Effects 7-1 did moisterize well but I didn't see any anti aging effects ony skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a very hard time to find a moisturizer for my very oily skin. I don't mind using this at night, as I find it makes my faces oily during the day. But I do use it every day on my neck and chest. And I really like it. It does not break me out, and it doesn't feel creasy. I would buy this for this reason only. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this is a great product for someone who doesn't need an intense mositurizing cream. I found it absorbed quickly and left my skin a little too dry. Great firming and evening though. Would definitely recommend it for someone who doesn't need a lot of moisture but would like the anti-aging benefits. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the lightness that of the product it isn't heavy like some however it created a breakout in some areas minor but noticeable! (may not be great for my skin type) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Received this small sample sized pump bottle. I've used it continually morning and night for two weeks. Haven't seen any change in my skin tone or the fine lines on my forehead. I found the moisturizer to be a little bit greasy as well. Thanks for the opportunity to try/review this product BzzAgent!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So far, I have not seen any noticeable difference but I realize it is early. The first thing that turned me off was the overpowering perfume smell. I do not want my face cream to be what people smell off me. It smells like old woman perfume from the 70's. Here is hoping the next few weeks using it, improve. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this is a good product, brand name is very well know been around for years. However I find for me it didn't work. I broke out I have very sensitive skin. But it has a great smell goes on very nicely. You need to know if you have sensitive skin and do a test on your neck behind you hairline This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I actually really like Olay products but I found my skin was getting more and more oily as I was using this product. Mind you, my skin is softer and looks like there may be less wrinkles but the oily skin kinda canceled the good out I think Sorry Olay likely not going g to buy this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using it for a week an half and don't see the difference yet but one thing I really like its very moisture and feels light on the skin and keeps my skin well moist. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So far so good it goes on nicely. It us a but greasy, but it is only day one. I'm hoping that as I use the more it will make a change in my skin tone and get less greasy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I didn't see any real tell tale affects. However it did keep under my eyes properly moisturized but that was about it. There was no lightening of the dark circles or minimizing of thin lines. It just keep them looking fresh and alert. Perhaps not a product I would continue to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product keeps my skin moisturized all day but I have yet to see diminished wrinkles or improved brown spot discolouration. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I gave the very generous sample a try for 7 days. I thought my skin was feeling and looking great until about day 4, when I started to recognize the signs of an allergic reaction. While the cream is great, I was definitely allergic to the fragrance. I'd love to get an up scented version and give it a try! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Went on my face nicely. I like the pump bottle. It smells nice too. It's too early to tell if it works for anti-aging. There certainly weren't any immediate results. I have sensitive skin, and like many other creams with scent, I get little red bumps. Overall, didn't feel like it did anything for my skin that amazed me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer is 50/50. It leaves my face feeling moist and so smooth without the greasy feeling BUT I found I broke out in acne around my neck line. Can't say if it because of this product only, might have to use it more to confirm, but I haven't broke out since I stopped using it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This lotion felt very nice on the skin smooth, supple after application. In all honesty, I quite enjoy the product, however have not been able to discern an overly noticeable difference overall in my skin. I have avoided dry winter skin thus far, though, so perhaps that's been a perk of this product, I like to think This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 faithfully. Although I didn't see my skin look any younger during my use, it was softer. I finished the bottle the day before yesterday. The cream was not thick but thin and went on fantastic. I'm not sure of the price but if it is reasonable I would probably give a full bottle a try. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I thought it was a good moisturizer. I found it went on matte and helped somewhat hide the look of pores and some skin imperfections. But within a couple hours, my face became overwhelmingly oily and I experienced a couple break outs. I did not notice any difference with fine lines, wrinkles or pores getting smaller. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was super excited to try this product but the first couple of days and I broke out :( not so fun ! I have sensitive skin and was afraid of this but after three days of using it I noticed my fine lines had reduced which were mostly on my forehead. my skin looks brighter! So I guess I am sold !! Great everyday moisturizer! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using it for a week and it does make my skin feel a lot softer. But as far as the fine lines and age spots, I still have them and they look exactly the same. Maybe it takes longer than 7 days for some people. I will continue to use this until the bottle is empty. Lets hope for better results nest week! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like this moisturizer but the scent is killing me also, because I am very fair skinned I need a strong spf.
The taste has changed. Sometimes there is one peanut that has a bad strange taste. The price too high.
These will do in a pinch ... I prefer the larger peanuts from Costco or BJs, but this was more convenient.
Good movie worth watching and owning for the collection would recommend to anyone
this film, me did, not deserve to mentioned in the oscars. good acting but boring plot.
The movie was ok it just took so long too finally get going and then it was over.
It was an OK movie - I liked the actors in it - was funny at times
Its an ok movie. Got it as a gift for another. I guess others thought it was good since it was nominated for awards. Not my cup of tea I suppose.
Everything comes together brilliantly in "Silver Linings Playbook"—for the film's crazed but uncrazy lovers; for the filmmaker, David O. Russell, and best of all for lucky us. Mr. Russell's sixth feature goes beyond flirting with disaster, to borrow the title of his second one, even beyond catching lightning in a bottle. This romantic comedy of prickly passions and rampant dysfunction is like a fusion machine that constantly threatens to blow up while it's seeking some sort of equilibrium and releasing epic energy in the process.
Maybe it was the mood I was in when watching this movie, but I turned it off within the first half hour.
This was an ok movie. Plot is a little bizarre but entertaining.
I love shopping for new movies, but this one wasn't all that great.
This is a good movie. DVD quality is good enough for a film like this. There is not any high level action or sound that is Blu Ray worthy. Buy it on DVD.
IT WAS VERY DISTURBING TO ME AT THE BEGINNING BUT IT GOT BETTER.
It was as good as I was hoping it would be but not bad either.
a weird take on some intense issues of reality, mixed with a touch of the absurd, and then drizzled with a boat-load of high end stars to make you say "well thats why i spent 2 hours in front of the tv"
Not a bad movie. Jennifer Lawrence wears yoga pants.,
Although Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence are quite accomplished movie actors, the plot of this Oscar-nominated film leaves me cold. For one thing, a tale about a mentally-challenged young man attempting to fit back into family life and society in general is grueling enough, but add in the additional stress of an aggressive would-be girlfriend, an obnoxious father obsessed with gambling [part played by another fine actor, Robert De Niro], and a less-than-helpful mother and peer group, and you wind up with a lukewarm experience.
Glad Best Buy always has what I am looking for. They never disappoint.
Not what I expected but ok. You must be in a good mind set to watch.
This movie does not live up to the hype and praise it got, but it's still entertaining and worth seeing.
There were some good points to this movie, but overall, I'd rate it about middle of the road. My wife might watch it again sometime, but I don't think that I would.
Everything comes together brilliantly in "Silver Linings Playbook"for the film's crazed but uncrazy lovers; for the filmmaker, David O. Russell, and best of all for lucky us. Mr. Russell's sixth feature goes beyond flirting with disaster, to borrow the title of his second one, even beyond catching lightning in a bottle. This romantic comedy of prickly passions and rampant dysfunction is like a fusion machine that constantly threatens to blow up while it's seeking some sort of equilibrium and releasing epic energy in the process.
great product besides the salt! over 100 daily salt in the product. not needed in turkey. genuine turkey and gravy doesnt need this amount of salt. please reduce by 75
These are the best olives but are not available in stores in my state. I was so happy to find them that I ordered 12 cans. Unfortunately, out of the 12, 8 of the cans arrived with huge dents, so I am only guaranteed that 4 cans will be edible. I will find another place to order these olives.
These olives barely have any flavor and overall they're just of a lower quality. I liked that the olives aren't too salty. The olives are pitted and whole, they looked fine. They were OK in salads or pasta, but I'll spend more money on more flavorful olives next time.
you don't get to pick your color -
Love that I can select which cleaning products I use and then wash the pad afterwards. I've had this mop for a couple of years now and the cleaning pad still looks new, despite many washes. The velcro that attaches the pad is also still in very good condition. I use this to mop linoleum and ceramic tiles. I find minimal 'spreading' of dirt on the floor, and only when the ceramic tiles by the front door have visible dirt on them. I have no issues with leaking, but I don't store liquid in the bottle when it's not in use. The handle to control the sprayer drives me absolutely nuts. Often it sticks after squeezing the lever and then won't work for the rest of my mopping tasks. I end up taking the solution bottle out and drizzling the liquid on my floors. The lever will unstick itself randomly and so usually it's back up and working for the next time I use it. But then it just does it again.
I really love this mop and the fact that I can refill the bottle with my own cleaner. Lately we've had to use it quite a bit with a new puppy in the house. Just when I need it most, the spray mechanism only works every few minutes. The squeeze trigger continually gets stuck in the up position and then cannot squirt out more cleaner. Very frustrating! I'm afraid I will have to order another brand. :(
Great until it broke at the base, looking for another type similar that won't break and it probably won't be a reveal. Very disappointed
Bought this and within a couple months the trigger does not always work and even when it sprays it does not shoot enough to really feel like the floor is getting clean. The reusable pads are great but at this point thats it. You would be better off using a spray bottle in a separate hand. I also don't have my receipt so I am out of luck like other reviewers.
Bought this brand about a year ago, after a couple of months the trigger would hardly work, Took it back and got another. Couple months later same thing. Always with trigger not working properly. Again I took it back for another same thing happened. (Do not use Mr. Clean because that will kill it immediately!! ) This time, I am taking off the water bottle and emptying the sprayer completely in between uses. Will see how long it lasts. I love the concept because I hate buying those thin disposable wastepaper's that barely clean one small floor and it doesn't use countless throwaway batteries. But if the sprayer doesn't work, it is useless!
I have had to purchase 2 in the past year for same reason, spray handle breaks. Not too happy
Great until it broke at the base, looking for another type similar that won't break and it probably won't be a reveal. Very disappointed
My spray trigger always stuck till I used the tip MommyMayfield posted. Now it works great. Thank you, I was ready to throw it out!
I really liked the mop... not to happy the trigger sprayer broke. I do not have the receipt or box anymore or I would return it.
Mop is good, the spray stopped working after 1 use. I continue to use the mop but purchased a spray bottle for my solution.
I bought this a month ago and was thrilled with it. Until, like everyone else the sprayer stopped working.
I like the mop but you cannot put to much pressure on it to get tough grime, I have now broken my 2nd one at the same spot at the neck where it connects to the handle
Two months after purchasing it, the sprayer stopped working. Even after running hot water over the nozzle, the liquid barely dribbles out. I'm very disappointed.
However you need to unplug the bottle to let air in.
Broken after little use right where the handle attaches to the mop part
This mop works great. Large cleaning surface does a quick job. But my mop also broke at the base during normal use. I see others have had this problem. I ordered a second mop on line. Like it enough to give it a second chance.
this mop worked fine until today and it won't spray. The spray mechanism works but the water will not come out of the bottle--I think the bottle top has stopped working-disappointed because use a lot of Rubbermaid products.
I was very happy with the mop. The sprayer worked good the pad was durable but the bottle for the cleaner now leaks when I turn it upside down to put it in the mop :( Other then the durability I really liked it
Have had it about 6 months and love it....but, stopped working...think it is the little black o-ring on top of the bottle...it is a shame such a small part can stop it from working properly...won't buy another!
Like the swivel/spray design, however head keeps disengaging from the handle while mopping. It's a pain to have to reattach every 2-3 swipes! Would not recommend. Make one where the head swivels does not disengage....
Wish this product had diposable pads as well. I use a combo of other brands and have to make the disposable pads fit. I have a pet and to wash the pads over and over does not work for me. Consider a disposable, PLEASE
I love the mop but the sprayer keeps losing air so the trigger just will stop working not sure if i should be cleaning the head where the water bottle connects.. this is my second one that has done this.. so after a bit you can't spray at all.
This works great. However, the trigger broke after about two months. I called customer service and they are sending a replacement certificate and say it has a new design. I hope it works the same but is a little sturdier and reliable!
I love being able to make my own solutions to clean my house of tile flooring, but the trigger that sprays the water broke in a few months.
I must have gotten ahold of a bad mop I used it maybe 3 times and then the handle part stopped working it will spray on the first pump then after that it does nothing I was excited to try this model but I was disappointed
I love the concept of the mop- in fact recommended it to all my family. BUT now every time I mop my floors the head pops off multiple times. I have tried a few different tricks to keep it on but none have worked. Hope the next generation Reveal works better.
The trigger works better than the old ones. Still is not very sturdy if you need to scrub much. Be nice to have a scrubber pad on the ENTIRE bottom. Afraid to use much pressure with the handle because it feels so flimsy and I already snapped one in half.
I loved my mop when I first started using it. Then the trigger mechanism broke after about 6 months. Not sure I would buy another one if I could not be assured it would last longer. All other parts of it were great!
I really liked the mop-felt it was very effective on my laminate floors and easy to use. But within 4 months the sprayer has stopped working and no apparent way to fix it. It has a 1 year warranty-I have sent in my receipt to costumer service and hope to have it replaced.
I bought this mop a few months ago love it but after several uses my trigger is sticking seems loose. It wont let me spray more than once before it seems clogged even when I only use hot water through it. For my wood floor it has worked great but it is frustrating when it wont spray.
It is by far the best mop I've ever had, but I've only had it for 2 months and it broke where the mop swivels. I wish it was more durable, because I loved how you can choose the cleaning solution and you don't have to buy expensive refills. Definitely more durable than the stiffer mops!!!
I loved this mop the first few times I used it, then the head started falling off. I can't even get 5 square feet mopped before it falls off at the swivel joint. I can't mop against cabinets or appliances the head fall off. It's too bad, I was really excited about this mops potential!!!
This is the second micro-fiber mop I have for my hard wood floors. The only negative issue I have with it, is that the pad is not as good at not leaving streaks as another one that I have, and maybe this pad is not designed for hardwood floor cleaner. The idea is great and it works well.
I like the mop - I like everything except that the handle keeps coming off the head every time I pull back on it. Its driving me bonkers! I will not recommend this product because when you are in serious cleaning mode you have to keep reattached the mop! guess i will have to get a Shark.
I've had my mop since April 2012, and everything was going great, enjoying the mop. Last week the mop broke while I was using it! The contraption where the bottle fits down into came apart at the seam. There is no way to fix it. It is a shame, because I was really enjoying the product.
We've used this mop about five times with good results. Tried to use it today and the cleaning solution just ran out of the bottle, through the vent hole. Really annoying.
I love being able to wash the pads and make my own eco-friendly solution to wash my floors, but I am really disappointed because the trigger has stopped working after only 2 months of use. I hope that it was just a dud and I can get it replaced! Otherwise, I loved this product while it was working.
It has a good size head and handle. I like that you can use your own cleaner and the pad is washable. The only thing I dont like is there is not a hard/scrubber spot on the pad that will pull hardened things off the tile when they are stuck on like the swiffer has on the edges of their pads.
Sadly in less than a month of use my sprayer broke... I can believe it didn't last but a month. I really love the mop but with such terrible sprayer it is no use.... It will help if I can obtain a refund or a new mop. Either way I will be fine. This is not working for me right now....
I am on my third Reveal mop... I really like the idea that I can create my own environmentally and pet friendly solution, and that I can clean the mop head, therefore saving me money. I too have had the problem that the sprayer quits working. Almost like it loses pressure. Works great to start, then after about 3 months stops
I love this mop with a vinegar and water solution for my high gloss floors - then the handle broke. Can't see how it can be fixed. Looking for a replacement. I don't like that the pad/head would flip over the first couple of swipes of the floor. It was like it had damp spots and dry spots and would stick to the floor then flip over.
We just bought it and used for couple of days now, it works great, love the idea of the spray bottle, no more buckets (yay!), easy to use. Love it a lot. but I just realised that it doesn't come with the scrubber when I need to use it....so can't really rate the products because haven't try the scrubber...how can I get the scrubber
Love the wide mop head but it repeatedly separates from the handle during use. Over time the pump action handle began to stick and the bottle became increasingly leaky. Unfortunately the product has been replaced. Rubbermaid, I would advise replacing removable mop head with a fixed durable hinge, less leaky bottle, and a better pump mechanism.
I, too, purchased this product to cut down on the disposal Swiffer type mop cloths. While I like the idea of using my own cleaning solution, and the fact that the head is washable, reusable. But the handle CONSTANTLY snaps off unless the floor is SOAKED with solution. This is insanely frustrating, especially because this was a pricey purchase.
Love the concept and loved the mop. I had mine several months, then the squirt trigger developed problems. It squirts once, then you have to push the mop handle a few times before it is in a position to work again. Still using but will not buy another until rubbermaid either ups the quality or reduces the price to match the current quality.
Bought this mop and it worked great until like everyone else is saying it broke at the weak point where the bottle and the handle meet. Snapped right off. Really disappointing because it was great to be able to use any cleaner I wanted and have a washable cleaning pad. Fix the weak link Rubbermaid engineers and you will have a great product.
I love how big the mop head is and think that it cleans real well but after a few uses the handle broke. We have tried to glue it and it holds for a while then breaks again. We have used 3 different types of glue. Would like to buy a new one if I could be sure it won't break also. I only use it in my kitchen and bathrooms and would not say it had rough use.
Bought this and within a couple months the trigger does not always work and even when it sprays it does not shoot enough to really feel like the floor is getting clean. The reusable pads are great but at this point thats it. You would be better off using a spray bottle in a separate hand. I also don't have my receipt so I am out of luck like other reviewers.
I bought one of these for my home and two for the church I clean. I was astounded by the way it cleaned my old, white tile bathroom floors and mud room for the dogs. The pad cleans really well, but all of the spray triggers are faulty, spray once then make me wait a few minutes to spray again. I would love to replace these if the spray trigger can be fixed.
This product is great, this is my second one. I do think you need to improve on the strength of the handle were the spray and the handle meet. I have had both of mine break there after about 6 to 7 months use. That section should be made of a stronger product, it breaks off right at the spot were the shaft joins the mop head. The plastic after a time gets weak. Thank You.
I saw this at someone's house and loved it, so I bought one. Mine is an updated model I guess, cause their bottle and mine do not fit each others mops. Their sprayer stopped working and the plastic pin holding in the handle broke. My bottle leaks now after a few uses. My spray trigger is starting to stick. I would like to get a replacement bottle, but am having trouble getting one
I really love this mop and the fact that I can refill the bottle with my own cleaner. Lately we've had to use it quite a bit with a new puppy in the house. Just when I need it most, the spray mechanism only works every few minutes. The squeeze trigger continually gets stuck in the up position and then cannot squirt out more cleaner. Very frustrating! I'm afraid I will have to order another brand. :(
After spending way too much on other brand name refills, I bought the Rubbermaid reveal....loved it until the sprayer stopped working....after moving I thought id give it another shot since they came out with a new design with the scrubber....a month or two later same thing...(hey Rubbermaid...nobody saves proof of purchase or receipts for mops!) great concept on the mop, not so much on the sprayer.
I purchased this product to replace my Swiffer mop and cut down on costs of the pads and the liquid. It was great to use but just broke... a small plastic piece that holds the head of the mop to the handle... Seems like a waste to throw away the whole thing for a very small, less than an inch piece of plastic... To be honest, I was disappointed to see it was built that way... I would have expected a piece of nylon or metal instead...
I have purchased 2 of these mops. Both times I have had problems with the trigger mechanism sticking. After the first one, I replaced it since I didn't know of any other problems. Now, the 2nd one is doing it again, also the bottle sticks making it EXTREMELY difficult to remove to refill. These problems must have something to do with the 'suction' at the connection of the bottle nozzle. I will not purchase this brand again.
The handle completely broke off of the base of the mop.
I liked it but not long after the warranty ran out, the squirt button quit working. My husband tried to fix it, but we couldn't get it to work.
I purchased this product approx 8 months ago. It worked great in the beginning. Then it started to have the same problem I am reading others are having. When you use it, squeezing the trigger only works some of the time, it sticks and it takes quite a long time before it will spray again. In the hopes that this was unusual, I just purchased another. The idea is great - if it only holds up to it's potential.
I was so excited when I started using this mop. Love the big washable pad, and the extra scrub brush part on top for tougher spots. However, after two weeks of using, the trigger doesn't seem to be attached anymore...it will work for one or two sprays and then becomes so loose that it doesn't spray anything. So disappointed.
I like this mop, particularly the scrub head. We have dogs and always have a puppy or two around. Mop is used most days. Only concern is that the mop container bottle split along the seams the second time I used it. Will try to find my reciect and see if it will be warranted. Hope the second one doesn't do the same thing
I loved my reveal but the trigger kept getting stuck and eventually broke. This was very disappointing as I purchased it to replace my Swiffer. Now I have to go back and purchase another one but haven't decided on which one. Sad Face.
Expected more from Rubbermaid. Love that you can use your own vinegar and water solution. BUT...that extra dust will not pick up so you have to go get it yourself after mopping (and it is stuck in the corners). The bottle falls out when you pick up the mop to pull off the pad when it gets dirty and you want to swap it out. (clip of some kind could have held it in place) And what is with the RED pad Why not white so you can see it is clean Arm not built very sturdy. Didn't you guys try using this Good idea but your rush to market is NOT up to your quality for sure.. .
I, too, have the same trigger issue. I bought the mop a few months ago, used it a few times, and then the trigger stopped working! It seems to get stuck. I loved the fact that the pads are washable and I could use whatever floor stuff I wanted, but the trigger issue (that seems to be an ongoing problem) is something that makes this a mop I would not recommend to somebody else.
I loved this mop for the first few times I used it. I have limited mobility with RA so the ease of not having to carry a mop bucket full of water from room to room or wring out a mop is perfect for ne, When I tried to use it tonight, however, all of a sudden it will not spray. I have taken it apart and tried everything I can think of, but it hasn't worked. It looks like others have had the same problem. I've had this mop about a year. Is there a refund or a solution to the problem. I am very disappointed after having been so excited to find this at first.
I purchased this mop over the summer, and it failed on me a short while ago. The plastic place where the mop head attaches to the handle broke off, and now the mop will not stay together. For the cost of this mop, it certainly should last longer. Not to mention the fact that I have purchased multiple pads and extra bottles to go along with it. I do, however, love the idea of the mop and that I am able to use my own cleaning products with it. That is the reason for my original purchase. I would purchase this again, assuming that the design flaw is fixed.
A great idea and worked well for about 6 months. The bottle has collapsed and will not spray. This mop came with only one bottle and I see that they have added another bottle with purchase, so they must have known about the problem. Have been unable to find a bottle at the store where I purchased it (home depot), of course. If companies would only offer replacement parts for their products at the store where purchased, we would be loyal customers forever. I find this beyond annoying as I now have to go back to swiffer or purchase an entirely new mop.
My husband got me this product about two years ago. I have four cats and a large, muddy dog, so I usually am mopping several times a day. I love the concept of the refillable container and washable pads, since I don't need to continuously buy things for this mop. It works pretty well and makes mopping quick and easy! The solution bottle started to leak and the handle rusted out, and snapped off completely near the bottom after just under two years. I was disappointed, but liked the mop enough to buy a new one. We will see how that one goes!
I purchased this mop and found it 's mop head to be really nice and big.It covers a lot of ground. It's sprayer with my floor cleaner worked very well together. However, the spray hit my door and left a stain from the cleaning solution. I feel it sprays too high off the floor. I don't like the idea of washing the pad in my machine all by itself as it will be costly in the long run to run the washer for one dirty pad. Like the other similar mops it too can leave that extra dust you couldn't remove before washing on the floor leaving that black line you have to go back and wipe up when it's dry.
Bought this brand about a year ago, after a couple of months the trigger would hardly work, Took it back and got another. Couple months later same thing. Always with trigger not working properly. Again I took it back for another same thing happened. (Do not use Mr. Clean because that will kill it immediately!! ) This time, I am taking off the water bottle and emptying the sprayer completely in between uses. Will see how long it lasts. I love the concept because I hate buying those thin disposable wastepaper's that barely clean one small floor and it doesn't use countless throwaway batteries. But if the sprayer doesn't work, it is useless!
This mop is good for quick lick and a promise cleanings and I like the idea of easily being able to wash the pad. I had difficulty with the cleaning solution leaking when the mop was stored with the head down however, so I have had to change the way I store it in order to avoid a mess. I am also disappointed to see that Rubbermaid does not sell replacement scrubber pads-apparently they do not intend that this product will hold up that long, especially after reading the other reviews. Built in obsolescence when the products should be the best they can be. I can and do wash my string mop heads successfully and get my floors cleaner.
I have found my mop to be very useful and does a good job of cleaning my floors. Just recently however the bottle continues to spray water out without me pressing the sprayer, therefore my floor becomes too wet. I have to take the bottle out when it does this to stop the water from continuously spraying.
Bought my first one right when they came out and loved it BUT after awhile the trigger for the bottle broke :( so i went and bought a new one and after a couple month the trigger inside the bottle holder broke again
I'm not sure how long I've had mine but know it hasn't been over 8 years (bought it after we moved). I'm not exactly Suzy Homemaker when it comes to cleaning so didn't use it on a regular basis but I DID use it whenever I had a spill. Love it. Store it hanging up. One day, the mop head just fell off. Thought maybe it would just screw in. Nope. It's broken. No way to fix it although I will have hubby look at it. I will buy another one but will keep the receipt this time so I can actually see how long it lasts. Time will tell if I decide to buy a 3rd. Love that I can use my own cleaner and that it doesn't run on batteries like the Swiffer does (my mom has one).
The Reveal Spray Mop was at our new home/work place when we moved into the apartment that came with our Management position with Personal Mini Storage Apopka, FL on Semoran Blvd. We liked the mop but the handle broke within a year. We have no idea how long they had it before we arrived, but we wanted a new one. We couldn't find it at our local stores so we ordered it online. Two weeks after it arrived we saw it at Lowe's (where we had looked for it) for less than half the price we paid to have it shipped to us. Every time I use it I get angry. Unfortunately, I like your products, but will never order online again only will buy at discount stores locally.
I use this mop at work, and like many reviews here say, the trigger stops working. It is easily remedied by applying some silicone grease to the pump piston and working the action back and forth. There is too much drag on the seal when the pump is trying to move on the inlet stroke, hence why the trigger gets floppy. Just take it apart carefully, organize the parts, apply grease (a little goes a long way but add more if pump is still sticking), and reassemble. Works like a hot darn now.
I own two, an older model and the new model. The new one is great, the old bottle cracked and leaked all over. I love the mop but now only have one bottle and cant buy the bottle separately.
I live in an apartment so this is perfect and very hassle free for mopping. Very effective and easy to use. However... After a while the fluid container had such good suction, it would collapse in on itself which I think was causing the trigger to eventually only squirt fluid effectively for the first pull every couple of minutes. After a few minutes, another trigger pull would squirt 1 effective burst. Then the handle broke. Right near where it goes into the plastic section. Grrr. I like this mop and I wish those design flaws were addressed. I'm pretty hesitant to buy another one though unless those things are fixed. It's almost there Rubbermaid.
I love the idea of this mop! I bought it on line before it came out in stores because I was searching for a good spray mop. I love that I can wash the pads myself (they are great quality) and that they came off/on so easily. I love that I can use my own solution. I have two big problems. 1) the spray bottle would collapse on itself and I would have to wait for it to fill with air before I could continue spraying. And 2) The Quality and durability of the handle. I'm glad others had the same problem, because I was feeling Hulkish. The housing where the handle and mop head meet snapped right in half. I had to throw the whole thing away. I haven't found a good replacement yet, so I hope Rubbermaid can fix these two issues!
I purchased his mop 2 months, work great, except for the bottle is leaking. It seems there is something missing in the cap where the vent hole is located. Receipt was discarded r I would have taken back to the store. I was looking for replacement parts, but not available.
Brought the mop home excited to try it and it wouldn't work. I dug the package out of the trash and no directions. I found the reviews on line and realized that several people had this problem, I was really glad to see rubbermaid had posted a how to fix. So far it works great. The bottle keeps falling off if I bump the wall, but I fixed that with the little blue rubber band off of the asparagus! It would be nice if you didn't have to pump the sprayer battery operated would help my mom would love it but has problems with her hands and wouldn't be able to tolerate constantly pumping the sprayer. A few flaws, but so far so good. And I LOVE that I can use my cleaner of choice!!
I am on my second one it works great until the sprayer gets stuck and stops working. I purchased the second one hoping I wouldn't have the same issue but sadly the sprayer stopped working again. Also, the bottle started to constantly leak with the second one and my handle got rusted and broke. I wanted to purchase a third one but I am scared that I will have these issues again.
I purchased this mop about 6 months ago and I loved, loved, loved it. I would tell everyone I knew to go out and buy it. It was so convenient to use any cleaner and not have to buy disposable pads. I have 2 young children, 2 cats and a puppy and this was the best mop I had found. I have a large house with laminate and ceramic throughout so I used this mop all of the time. Sadly tonight the mop head broke right off. It is beyond repair. I was suprised that this would happen with a Rubbermaid product. I guess that I will have to apologize to my friends and try to find another brand of mop. I didn't keep the receipt for such a small purchase so I can't even return it.
I have been using the swiffer wet jet forever as long as it has been out but when I had heard that the solution may be harmful to pets I stopped using their products, but wishing they would come out with something that you could you use your own solution in. I guess rubbermaid beat them to the idea. When I heard of this mop of tv i had to have it. When I finally seen it in the stores I purchased it. Loved it!!!! Best thing ever, but now a month and a half later it stopped spraying. Very disappointment wish it would have laster longer. Maybe ive done somthing wrong in storing it or using it but it comes with no directions what so ever. But if rubbermaid comes out with another model I will certainly try it again!!!! Great Idea.
I first tried this product 10 months ago. I was so intrigued with the concept of this new mop and how it saved you money and time, that I had to have it. Before I seen and purchased this mop I was using the Swiffer line of products and I was getting so frustrated with buying the pads and I was looking for a better solution. After using the mop for about a month, I was still in awe of how well it worked and how much easier it made the task of cleaning floors. This product not only intrigued me but also my teenage children, because they were mopping the floor a lot more now, because of the ease of use. But sadly to say after the second month of using the product I had a big problem, the mop head broke. This problem lead to me questioning the quality and durability of this product. Well to see if this was a fluke or a true flaw I went and purchased another Rubbermaid Spray Mop. Just like the first mop I purchased, it works great for a couple of months then it breaks. This time it was three and a half months before it happened but was the same problem. The mop breaks in the narrow area between the mop head and the container that holds the cleaning solution. This is a great concept but it needs to twerked a little for durability.
I liked the washable pads. It was also bigger than leading brand mops. However I thought the handle on the mop was cheaply made. Every time I squeezed it it felt like it was going to break.
I just bought my 3rd mop in 1 1/2 years because I absolutely love it. It has made my life a lot easier. However I must stress that the quality of the handle is very poor. Both my 2 previous mops snapped in the middle.
We first bought this mop 4 years ago, every time we replace the mop we end up buying two because there is always issues with the spray feature! You think I would learn to keep a receipt or to buy a different mop
I love this mop but mine fell apart in less than a year and I have not been able to find a replacement. I had no idea this would happen. We use them at my work and I assumed I would be able to get a new one.
I used this mop 3-4 times but in less than a month the trigger started to stick and will not pop back ,I really like the mop but am very disappointed in the short use I GOT from it for the money.
My husband recently bought me this. I just tried it out and not sure if I am using it wrong but I have to push down on the bottle pretty hard to get the spray to come out. Not too impressed.
Love the mop....BUT been through 2 in a year...first one wouldn't spray after a month or so....bottle kept collapsing....bought replacement and after 6 months or so handle snaps at base....definitly better than say the swiffer thing... but irritates me I've been through 2 in a year.
The design of this mop fits my usage, but as the mop hangs up after use the solution in the bottle all leaks out until empty. So the easy use of grabbing this and mopping has gone since I now have to install the bottle for each use and then remove it for storage. I don't think it was designed to do that.
I love my Rubbermaid Reveal. It helps me keep up with our two dogs. My only problem is that the liquid dispenser collapses in on itself. It suctions in so much that it is very hard to squeeze open to refill and looks like it is about to break where it squeezes together. A better plastic would fix this.
I see a lot of review at which it quits spraying this happen to me I opened it up and used olive oil on the piston mechanism that portion works just fine now however, I would like to see replacement scrub pads. Rubbermaid you need to lubricate the piston piston mechanism during manufacturing.
I just purchased my second reveal mop. I had purchased two additional mop pads for my mop when the mop head broke off from the handle. I was just pushing it back and forth when it came apart. The handle is metal, but the connection is plastic. The new one is made a little differently so I hope it holds up better. If not, I will not buy a third.
Have washed in washer still comes out with dirty looking appearance, have soaked in sink, rinsed and rerinsed, still dirty looking
I recently purchased this mop. when I refilled the solution it started leaking out all over my floors. Is there an update on this item
I like the spray mop a lot, but after using the product about 4 times the handle snapped off where the plastic meets the metal part of handle. I think I would buy this product again if the strength of the plastic handle is improved.
Purchased mop several months ago and was very happy w/ how easy it was to use and how well it cleaned. Until the trigger stopped working. Similar to another post if I shake the entire mop the trigger will work but it is a hassle having to do it after every spray
When I saw this, I could not wait to use it. I loved it immediately. However, after a few months it would no longer spray. So now I have to carry a spray bottle around with the mop. I love how light the mop is, and the re-usable pad as well as being able to add my own cleaner. Now, I don't know wheter to throw it out or keep it, because carring a spray bottle around isn't all that easy.
I loved this mop, it's easy to use and does a great job cleaning the floor. I have been using it for a few months in my home. BUT, gradually the spray mechanism became weaker and weaker until it stopped spraying altogether. I hope rubbermaid improves the sprayer on this mop. Great product but needs some adjustments. For the price it should last longer than 4 months. There is no point to market the reusability of a mop when you possibly have to buy a new mop every few months.
I have been a longtime Swiffer user and was excited when the Reveal Mop came to market. I was tired of buying expensive cleaners and replacement pads and jumped at the chance to purchase this mop. (It was on sale, and I had a coupon). Next time I will wait until the product has been on the market longer. I've had this mop for about 6 months now, if not longer and LOVE the fact that I can fill it with my own cleaners, but the bottle seems to leak, especially when it's not in use, and my biggest pet peeve is that when I am mopping the handle separates from the mop head. I wasn't going to complain, but I see on here that it happens to others as well. Not sure why it's designed to come apart, but when I'm in the middle of mopping the floor, it's quite a pain. I usually LOVE all the Rubbermaid products I have, but I'm quickly falling out of love with this product. :(
The concept is fantastic! I have hardwood floors throughout my house, I don't like battery operated mops and steam is not good for hardwood, so the Reveal was the best option. I fill it with my favorite floor cleaner and away I go. Perfect! The only flaw is the assembly issue. The head of the mop is designed to be removed from the handle -- why! Don't know. This should be a permanent flexible assembly, not detachable. The first time I noticed the problem, I was applying a fair amount of pressure to the mop. When the handle detached from the head of the mop I ended up with a big gash/streak in my wood floor - not pretty. This has happened several more times and has gotten progressively worse. The head pops off every other stroke with minimal pressure. A real pain! I like everything else about the mop, so at this point, I plan to drill a hole in the assembly and screw the pieces together so I can use it without having to put the head back on every other stroke -literally. Perhaps Rubbermaid will come up with a better assembly solution, apparently all of the other mop makers seem to know how to avoid this problem.
I jut bought my Reveal a little more than two weeks ago. We purchased it, to have cleaner floors for our 16 month old grandson. We typically use it two to three times a day. Just this morning, the pump trigger broke, and suffice it to say, I'm not too happy. I think at this point, I am going to invest in a steam mop, since it is more sanitary, and much more durable.
I enjoyed using this mop and and did a great job until the spray trigger stopped working. Ive had it maybe 6 months until about a month ago noticed the spray trigger was lagging and slow to return. Trigger has completely stopped working now. So now i just have to use cleaner from another spray bottle.
I used this mop and LOVED it for over a year. Mop is still in great condition , the removable pads are in great condition. The issue is over time the O Ring has worn out and without it working properly the suction on the bottle isn't working. I've looked for replacements washer/ORings and can't find the due to the unusual shape which matches the bottle.
I bought this mop after my sister raved about how easy it was to spot clean messes right away because the mop is always ready to go. I was happy with it for about six months but then the trigger started lagging between sprays. Since the mop was still usable I have continued to clean with it even with the annoyance of waiting 4-5 seconds after each spray until the trigger snapped back into place before being able to pull the trigger again. Tonight, however, the trigger was extra slow between sprays and then suddenly the whole handle broke off. Very disappointed. On a side note, I used to notice that sometimes after mopping, the floor would smell mildewy, even with a new pad. My sister mentioned the same problem after she'd had her mop awhile. She tried putting diluted bleach in the bottle hoping it would run through the mop and kill any bacteria in the mop causing it to smell, but I think I remember the instructions saying not to use bleach. () I have found that adding vinegar to the water (with a teaspoon or so of dish soap as the mopping solution) effectively eliminated any lingering mildew smell. Thought I'd share in case anyone else with a still-working mop has had problems with the smell as well.
I bought this loving the idea of the washable pad and refillable bottle. I even bought an extra bottle and pad to have one set for my tile and one for wood. It worked great until today when the plastic at the bottom of the handle cracked and the handle came out. Now it is useless. I expected more from Rubbermaid.
I've had my mop about 3 months and the sprayer stopped working after only a few uses. I used the mop anyways, and bought a spray bottle and had to use that separately. Today I read a review that olive oil can fix the sprayer, so I thought I'd give it a try. IT WORKED!! I am so excited. The other review said to unscrew the screw near where you put the bottle in so I did that, used a baby medicine dropper to squirt some olive oil in the part where it separates and it started working right away. Disappointed in the cheap way it was made, but I do love it a lot regardless. Much easier than other wet mops.
I read some bad reports about the reveal mop sprayer, It quits working in couple months. Is the sprayer under warranity for a year
Just bought this mop and my first try at it and the bottle collapses. Not sure why and what to do about this.
I bought this 22 months ago, when I rented a home with hard wood floors. Bought an extra pad. Never had any problems until this past week. Now the trigger doesn't spray. I bought this because I wasn't impressed with my swifter wet jet from 10 years ago. Now I'm not sure what to replace it with.
You need to place instructions on the packaging for this mop. There are no instructions for actually getting started with the mop. It took me a half-hour before I could get the mop working. The packaging says to look online for detailed instructions and there aren't any there, either! I did not know what to do with the blue foam piece between the mop and the bottle - was it to be thrown away I notice from other reviewers that I am not the only one who did not know how to get started. I could not get the sprayer to work at all. I looked online for other people's suggestions and some said to remove the tiny plastic nub from inside the cap on the spray bottle. I did so and the mop worked, but now it just leaks. I called Rubbermaid and am getting a new cap, thankfully, but all this trouble could have been avoided by including some simple instructions on the packaging for how to get started using this mop.
It really depends on your preference. However due to what I call a design flaw, the ability to use your own cleaner is limited. You can't use bleach (no, not even diluted) as a cleaner. Turns out, it causes the materials to deteriorate and break down (in my case, causing the mop not to spray). I like the convenience and the ability to re-wash the microfiber pads, and the ability to use my own cleaner in the refillable solution bottles. It also has the scrubber pad on top. I also like the availability to purchase the extra bottles and pads, as well as the duster pad, at fairly low prices. It cleans well and is decently priced, I wish the materials were better quality. Customer service was great, and fixed my problem at no cost to me even though the damage was caused by user error. Therefore, I have to say I will continue to use this product, hopefully I can avoid any further damage by avoiding bleach.
Positives: Cleans better and with almost no streaking. Big improvement over Swiffer wet mop. Much more economical since Rubbermaid doesn't force you to purchase ridiculously priced cleaning fluid. Negatives: What gorilla sized man designed the handle I have a normal sized hand for a woman and the spray lever is nowhere near a comfortable position. Also, the spray nozzle is in the handle rather than on the cleaning head. So if you spray while mopping, the spray goes way too high. Still an improvement over Swiffer but some adjustments are needed to bring it up to five stars.
I love how easy this product is to use and refill but my trigger stopped working so it's basically useless. Too bad because I loved it and don't really want to spend money to replace it.
Purchased this right after acquiring 2 new puppies. I was so pleased with it I was considering buying a second one. Unfortunately after about a month I was changing the bottle and noticed a large crack down the side of it. Can't tell you how upsetting this was because I really did like this mop over any other I have had in the past.
Have had this mop a couple of years and use it regularly. No problems with the spray system, the pad is nearly worn out. Big problem is it doesn't seem to clean my wood floors. Very little dirt seems to wash out when cleaning and the floors aren't clean with visible spots, especially in the kitchen. Checked this by using a clean white wet towel to clean after mopping and the towel turns dirty very quickly.
Bought the Reveal mop today to scrub bad spots on my hard floors. Went to see if they had other supplies like Scrubber pads. They did not!!! I guess to get a new scrubber pad, reveal wants me to buy a new mop!!!
I had a mop like this without a bottle holder--just the handle and head--for 10 yrs and LOVED it (bought it at a state fair booth), but it didn't get to my new house with me. Sure wish you'd make a mop like this WITHOUT THE BOTTLE. I can't get under all of the LOW FURNITURE in my house like I used to because the bottle holder sticks out from the handle. How about making one with a full metal handle that won't separate at the bottle holder (as someone mentioned it did on her) And maybe make a removable bottle attachment sold separately for those who would like a sprayer bottle attached. It sure would have been appealing to me to have had the choice of a spray bottle attachment or not. Thank you kindly.
Bought it probably about two months ago, works great on hardwood. But then it broke, and leaks everywhere. However before it broke, it was a great product. Didn't need batteries, and you could make your own solution. Was also very easy to use, so I didn't have to go and teach older family members how to use it.
I honestly love this mop. I own a small home cleaning business and your product does the job....Unfortunately every 4-6 months I find myself having to buy another one ... I only use it 3 days a week so this doesn't seem right. It's either the handle trigger or the bottle. This time it was the bottle again. I've replaced the bottle, cleaned the nozzle...stood on my head to get it to work lol. I don't want to change mops but I'm getting very frustrated having to repurchase constantly. Please help me and fix the flaws
I have bought three of these mops I love them but the spray handle breaks and it's frustrating because now I need to get another one which will be 4 The price has gone up and I am having second thoughts about replacing it again with another one that will ultimately break too
I loved this mop...even bought 6 more of the pads so I could always have a clean one. Mine is the old style...I just throw them in with the blue jeans to wash them. I haven't found my receipt yet but I bought it I know since the first of the year after trying 3 or 4 other mops that I did not like. I estimate I have used it maybe four or five months loved it, lite weight, easy to use. I had the same problem that I read in the other reviews of the bottle sucking inside but I remedied that....I just unplug the bottle after each use, loosen the cap a couple of turns sit it upright on the shelf until the next time I need it. It doesn't suck inside anymore. But, mine broke where you plug the bottle into the collar...down inside the red collar. I went back to Sam's this week but I guess they have quit selling them...so went to Walmart bought the new style. I will call customer service tomorrow.
I have only used mop a few times -- 2nd time refilling bottle. The bottle is sunken in and when you turn the bottle upside down to put in slot the liquid continues to pour out.
got out my reveal mop today and noticed the one side of the mop appeard to be unattached, pulled off the micro fiber pad and realized the screws rusted out!!!!! really havent even made it through the summer!!! i have screws outside that get rained on everyother day with no rust!!!! poor quality, i believe in saving the landfills and stop throwing away all the swifter pads, now i wish i hadent recycled my swifter!!!! really loved the mop too, it did a great job and loved that there was no extra waste, now i dont want to waste more money on another mop, my old school swifter made the move to three homes over the last 8 years!!! i really think some thought should have been put into the design, like water, cheap materials, end result unhappy buyer :(
I've had this mop for several months and at first all was well. Over time though the sprayer mechanism has stopped working properly. The trigger gets loose and I have to wait for about 30 seconds or longer until it can spray again. I've been just using my own spray bottle to manually spray the floor first and then I go over it with the reveal mop. I do love the washable/reusable pads. They clean rather well. This would be the perfect mop for me if it wasn't for the design flaws with the sprayer. Also the spray shoots a bit high for where it's need on the floor. I've sprayed the lower cabinets in my kitchen several times with the sprayer (when it was working properly). I really hope they improve the design because it has lots of potential.
I really liked the Reveal Mop for the few months I had it, but the pole snapped in half on Tuesday while I was mopping the floor. It sounds like, from the reviews, this is a common problem. The wide head makes mopping a large area a breeze and being able to change the microfiber pad out (I got 3 with my mop at Sam's Club) if it gets too wet is another bonus feature. For the money, it should definitely last longer. I would like to replace it, but I don't want the same thing happening again in a few months. It is supposed to save money over the competition no disposable pads or specific solutions), but I've had the competitor's brand for years without having to replace it and the start up costs aren't too far off. I think the Reveal Mop makes the floors look better and is easier to use than the other brand, but replacing it every 3 months would not be very cost efficient. Of course, I don't have my receipt anymore, so I can't get this one replaced under warranty. If I did replace it, I would be sure to save the receipt!
I am on the fence with this product. I first bought it because all the hype about the other brand that you have to buy new pads for a lot, and the fact that it's harmful for my pets. I wanted an easy product that didn't require a bucket and wringing it out all the time, also the washable pads were pretty sweet! This has worked fairly well for me for the past 8 months, then, the sprayer started sticking and now, the whole thing fell apart!!! I am not, by any means, rough on my cleaning supplies, I clean once a week and store my Reveal in the pantry, away from harm! The base of it, an the red part where the sprayer is located, broke away from each other. So I was in the middle of mopping decided to duct tape it together, simple fix, right Wrong! Then the duct tape got wet and now its a duct tape, broken mop! What am I going to do this Saturday when I go to clean Please just stay away from this product unless you are handy enough to fix its mishaps!
I have had this mop for over a year, and have absolutely loved it, but recently something has gone wrong with either the refill bottle or the mop itself. I can still spray from the bottle, but as I mop, my cleaning solution runs out and puddles on the floor, and soaks the cleaning pad until I am walking on a lake of cleaning solution, and there is none left in the bottle. I have been looking for a new Reveal spray mop to replace the faulty one, but have had a hard time finding one!
Love this mop! In comparison to similar mops from other companies I prefer Rubbermaid. However. I've had purchased 3 of them over the last few years. The spray trigger always.. with out fail.. breaks. It's unfortunate and I hope they look into and fix this problem as I see I'm not the only one dealing with this issue. Other than that this is the best reusable, refillable mop I've used.
It is a great eco alternative to the ones that have disposable mops, I love that it doesn't use batteries and reusable pads. However the spray thingy stinks, I have to keep removing the bottle and reinserting it over and over for the spray to worl
I love the way this microfiber pad cleans my laminate floors. However the handle does not last. This is the second one I have purchased that the handle broke. I know I should have known better when the first one broke, but the pads clean really well and my dog sheds a LOT! I wish Rubbermaid would come out with a durable handle.
This mop is exactly what I had wanted, however I want the ability to wash with either a cleanser or plain water. This would require an additional bottle, which is not sold separately. That is a big disappointment.
I loved this mop for the first few times I used it. I have limited mobility with RA so the ease of not having to carry a mop bucket full of water from room to room or wring out a mop is perfect for ne, When I tried to use it tonight, however, all of a sudden it will not spray. I have taken it apart and tried everything I can think of, but it hasn't worked. It looks like others have had the same problem. I've had this mop about a year. Is there a refund or a solution to the problem. I am very disappointed after having been so excited to find this at first.
The trigger works better than the old ones. Still is not very sturdy if you need to scrub much. Be nice to have a scrubber pad on the ENTIRE bottom. Afraid to use much pressure with the handle because it feels so flimsy and I already snapped one in half.
I enjoyed using this mop and and did a great job until the spray trigger stopped working. Ive had it maybe 6 months until about a month ago noticed the spray trigger was lagging and slow to return. Trigger has completely stopped working now. So now i just have to use cleaner from another spray bottle.
Love this mop! In comparison to similar mops from other companies I prefer Rubbermaid. However. I've had purchased 3 of them over the last few years. The spray trigger always.. with out fail.. breaks. It's unfortunate and I hope they look into and fix this problem as I see I'm not the only one dealing with this issue. Other than that this is the best reusable, refillable mop I've used.
I have only used mop a few times -- 2nd time refilling bottle. The bottle is sunken in and when you turn the bottle upside down to put in slot the liquid continues to pour out.
I purchased his mop 2 months, work great, except for the bottle is leaking. It seems there is something missing in the cap where the vent hole is located. Receipt was discarded r I would have taken back to the store. I was looking for replacement parts, but not available.
Bought it probably about two months ago, works great on hardwood. But then it broke, and leaks everywhere. However before it broke, it was a great product. Didn't need batteries, and you could make your own solution. Was also very easy to use, so I didn't have to go and teach older family members how to use it.
I own two, an older model and the new model. The new one is great, the old bottle cracked and leaked all over. I love the mop but now only have one bottle and cant buy the bottle separately.
Purchased this right after acquiring 2 new puppies. I was so pleased with it I was considering buying a second one. Unfortunately after about a month I was changing the bottle and noticed a large crack down the side of it. Can't tell you how upsetting this was because I really did like this mop over any other I have had in the past.
I am on my second one it works great until the sprayer gets stuck and stops working. I purchased the second one hoping I wouldn't have the same issue but sadly the sprayer stopped working again. Also, the bottle started to constantly leak with the second one and my handle got rusted and broke. I wanted to purchase a third one but I am scared that I will have these issues again.
Bought my first one right when they came out and loved it BUT after awhile the trigger for the bottle broke :( so i went and bought a new one and after a couple month the trigger inside the bottle holder broke again
I have found my mop to be very useful and does a good job of cleaning my floors. Just recently however the bottle continues to spray water out without me pressing the sprayer, therefore my floor becomes too wet. I have to take the bottle out when it does this to stop the water from continuously spraying.
Have had this mop a couple of years and use it regularly. No problems with the spray system, the pad is nearly worn out. Big problem is it doesn't seem to clean my wood floors. Very little dirt seems to wash out when cleaning and the floors aren't clean with visible spots, especially in the kitchen. Checked this by using a clean white wet towel to clean after mopping and the towel turns dirty very quickly.
I use this mop at work, and like many reviews here say, the trigger stops working. It is easily remedied by applying some silicone grease to the pump piston and working the action back and forth. There is too much drag on the seal when the pump is trying to move on the inlet stroke, hence why the trigger gets floppy. Just take it apart carefully, organize the parts, apply grease (a little goes a long way but add more if pump is still sticking), and reassemble. Works like a hot darn now.
The handle completely broke off of the base of the mop.
I was so excited when I started using this mop. Love the big washable pad, and the extra scrub brush part on top for tougher spots. However, after two weeks of using, the trigger doesn't seem to be attached anymore...it will work for one or two sprays and then becomes so loose that it doesn't spray anything. So disappointed.
I, too, have the same trigger issue. I bought the mop a few months ago, used it a few times, and then the trigger stopped working! It seems to get stuck. I loved the fact that the pads are washable and I could use whatever floor stuff I wanted, but the trigger issue (that seems to be an ongoing problem) is something that makes this a mop I would not recommend to somebody else.
I bought this mop after my sister raved about how easy it was to spot clean messes right away because the mop is always ready to go. I was happy with it for about six months but then the trigger started lagging between sprays. Since the mop was still usable I have continued to clean with it even with the annoyance of waiting 4-5 seconds after each spray until the trigger snapped back into place before being able to pull the trigger again. Tonight, however, the trigger was extra slow between sprays and then suddenly the whole handle broke off. Very disappointed. On a side note, I used to notice that sometimes after mopping, the floor would smell mildewy, even with a new pad. My sister mentioned the same problem after she'd had her mop awhile. She tried putting diluted bleach in the bottle hoping it would run through the mop and kill any bacteria in the mop causing it to smell, but I think I remember the instructions saying not to use bleach. () I have found that adding vinegar to the water (with a teaspoon or so of dish soap as the mopping solution) effectively eliminated any lingering mildew smell. Thought I'd share in case anyone else with a still-working mop has had problems with the smell as well.
I like this mop, particularly the scrub head. We have dogs and always have a puppy or two around. Mop is used most days. Only concern is that the mop container bottle split along the seams the second time I used it. Will try to find my reciect and see if it will be warranted. Hope the second one doesn't do the same thing
I bought this 22 months ago, when I rented a home with hard wood floors. Bought an extra pad. Never had any problems until this past week. Now the trigger doesn't spray. I bought this because I wasn't impressed with my swifter wet jet from 10 years ago. Now I'm not sure what to replace it with.
I loved my reveal but the trigger kept getting stuck and eventually broke. This was very disappointing as I purchased it to replace my Swiffer. Now I have to go back and purchase another one but haven't decided on which one. Sad Face.
Have washed in washer still comes out with dirty looking appearance, have soaked in sink, rinsed and rerinsed, still dirty looking
I love being able to make my own solutions to clean my house of tile flooring, but the trigger that sprays the water broke in a few months.
I loved my mop when I first started using it. Then the trigger mechanism broke after about 6 months. Not sure I would buy another one if I could not be assured it would last longer. All other parts of it were great!
I must have gotten ahold of a bad mop I used it maybe 3 times and then the handle part stopped working it will spray on the first pump then after that it does nothing I was excited to try this model but I was disappointed
This works great. However, the trigger broke after about two months. I called customer service and they are sending a replacement certificate and say it has a new design. I hope it works the same but is a little sturdier and reliable!
Have had it about 6 months and love it....but, stopped working...think it is the little black o-ring on top of the bottle...it is a shame such a small part can stop it from working properly...won't buy another!
I bought this a month ago and was thrilled with it. Until, like everyone else the sprayer stopped working.
I've had this mop for several months and at first all was well. Over time though the sprayer mechanism has stopped working properly. The trigger gets loose and I have to wait for about 30 seconds or longer until it can spray again. I've been just using my own spray bottle to manually spray the floor first and then I go over it with the reveal mop. I do love the washable/reusable pads. They clean rather well. This would be the perfect mop for me if it wasn't for the design flaws with the sprayer. Also the spray shoots a bit high for where it's need on the floor. I've sprayed the lower cabinets in my kitchen several times with the sprayer (when it was working properly). I really hope they improve the design because it has lots of potential.
Positives: Cleans better and with almost no streaking. Big improvement over Swiffer wet mop. Much more economical since Rubbermaid doesn't force you to purchase ridiculously priced cleaning fluid. Negatives: What gorilla sized man designed the handle I have a normal sized hand for a woman and the spray lever is nowhere near a comfortable position. Also, the spray nozzle is in the handle rather than on the cleaning head. So if you spray while mopping, the spray goes way too high. Still an improvement over Swiffer but some adjustments are needed to bring it up to five stars.
I see a lot of review at which it quits spraying this happen to me I opened it up and used olive oil on the piston mechanism that portion works just fine now however, I would like to see replacement scrub pads. Rubbermaid you need to lubricate the piston piston mechanism during manufacturing.
I love how big the mop head is and think that it cleans real well but after a few uses the handle broke. We have tried to glue it and it holds for a while then breaks again. We have used 3 different types of glue. Would like to buy a new one if I could be sure it won't break also. I only use it in my kitchen and bathrooms and would not say it had rough use.
We first bought this mop 4 years ago, every time we replace the mop we end up buying two because there is always issues with the spray feature! You think I would learn to keep a receipt or to buy a different mop
Purchased mop several months ago and was very happy w/ how easy it was to use and how well it cleaned. Until the trigger stopped working. Similar to another post if I shake the entire mop the trigger will work but it is a hassle having to do it after every spray
Love the mop....BUT been through 2 in a year...first one wouldn't spray after a month or so....bottle kept collapsing....bought replacement and after 6 months or so handle snaps at base....definitly better than say the swiffer thing... but irritates me I've been through 2 in a year.
Love the concept and loved the mop. I had mine several months, then the squirt trigger developed problems. It squirts once, then you have to push the mop handle a few times before it is in a position to work again. Still using but will not buy another until rubbermaid either ups the quality or reduces the price to match the current quality.
I just bought my 3rd mop in 1 1/2 years because I absolutely love it. It has made my life a lot easier. However I must stress that the quality of the handle is very poor. Both my 2 previous mops snapped in the middle.
I am on my third Reveal mop... I really like the idea that I can create my own environmentally and pet friendly solution, and that I can clean the mop head, therefore saving me money. I too have had the problem that the sprayer quits working. Almost like it loses pressure. Works great to start, then after about 3 months stops
I have had to purchase 2 in the past year for same reason, spray handle breaks. Not too happy
I'm not sure how long I've had mine but know it hasn't been over 8 years (bought it after we moved). I'm not exactly Suzy Homemaker when it comes to cleaning so didn't use it on a regular basis but I DID use it whenever I had a spill. Love it. Store it hanging up. One day, the mop head just fell off. Thought maybe it would just screw in. Nope. It's broken. No way to fix it although I will have hubby look at it. I will buy another one but will keep the receipt this time so I can actually see how long it lasts. Time will tell if I decide to buy a 3rd. Love that I can use my own cleaner and that it doesn't run on batteries like the Swiffer does (my mom has one).
Mop is good, the spray stopped working after 1 use. I continue to use the mop but purchased a spray bottle for my solution.
This mop is good for quick lick and a promise cleanings and I like the idea of easily being able to wash the pad. I had difficulty with the cleaning solution leaking when the mop was stored with the head down however, so I have had to change the way I store it in order to avoid a mess. I am also disappointed to see that Rubbermaid does not sell replacement scrubber pads-apparently they do not intend that this product will hold up that long, especially after reading the other reviews. Built in obsolescence when the products should be the best they can be. I can and do wash my string mop heads successfully and get my floors cleaner.
My husband got me this product about two years ago. I have four cats and a large, muddy dog, so I usually am mopping several times a day. I love the concept of the refillable container and washable pads, since I don't need to continuously buy things for this mop. It works pretty well and makes mopping quick and easy! The solution bottle started to leak and the handle rusted out, and snapped off completely near the bottom after just under two years. I was disappointed, but liked the mop enough to buy a new one. We will see how that one goes!
I was very happy with the mop. The sprayer worked good the pad was durable but the bottle for the cleaner now leaks when I turn it upside down to put it in the mop :( Other then the durability I really liked it
I bought one of these for my home and two for the church I clean. I was astounded by the way it cleaned my old, white tile bathroom floors and mud room for the dogs. The pad cleans really well, but all of the spray triggers are faulty, spray once then make me wait a few minutes to spray again. I would love to replace these if the spray trigger can be fixed.
I really liked the mop... not to happy the trigger sprayer broke. I do not have the receipt or box anymore or I would return it.
We just bought it and used for couple of days now, it works great, love the idea of the spray bottle, no more buckets (yay!), easy to use. Love it a lot. but I just realised that it doesn't come with the scrubber when I need to use it....so can't really rate the products because haven't try the scrubber...how can I get the scrubber
It really depends on your preference. However due to what I call a design flaw, the ability to use your own cleaner is limited. You can't use bleach (no, not even diluted) as a cleaner. Turns out, it causes the materials to deteriorate and break down (in my case, causing the mop not to spray). I like the convenience and the ability to re-wash the microfiber pads, and the ability to use my own cleaner in the refillable solution bottles. It also has the scrubber pad on top. I also like the availability to purchase the extra bottles and pads, as well as the duster pad, at fairly low prices. It cleans well and is decently priced, I wish the materials were better quality. Customer service was great, and fixed my problem at no cost to me even though the damage was caused by user error. Therefore, I have to say I will continue to use this product, hopefully I can avoid any further damage by avoiding bleach.
Bought this mop and it worked great until like everyone else is saying it broke at the weak point where the bottle and the handle meet. Snapped right off. Really disappointing because it was great to be able to use any cleaner I wanted and have a washable cleaning pad. Fix the weak link Rubbermaid engineers and you will have a great product.
I like the mop but you cannot put to much pressure on it to get tough grime, I have now broken my 2nd one at the same spot at the neck where it connects to the handle
I've had my mop about 3 months and the sprayer stopped working after only a few uses. I used the mop anyways, and bought a spray bottle and had to use that separately. Today I read a review that olive oil can fix the sprayer, so I thought I'd give it a try. IT WORKED!! I am so excited. The other review said to unscrew the screw near where you put the bottle in so I did that, used a baby medicine dropper to squirt some olive oil in the part where it separates and it started working right away. Disappointed in the cheap way it was made, but I do love it a lot regardless. Much easier than other wet mops.
Broken after little use right where the handle attaches to the mop part
My spray trigger always stuck till I used the tip MommyMayfield posted. Now it works great. Thank you, I was ready to throw it out!
I used this mop and LOVED it for over a year. Mop is still in great condition , the removable pads are in great condition. The issue is over time the O Ring has worn out and without it working properly the suction on the bottle isn't working. I've looked for replacements washer/ORings and can't find the due to the unusual shape which matches the bottle.
I have purchased 2 of these mops. Both times I have had problems with the trigger mechanism sticking. After the first one, I replaced it since I didn't know of any other problems. Now, the 2nd one is doing it again, also the bottle sticks making it EXTREMELY difficult to remove to refill. These problems must have something to do with the 'suction' at the connection of the bottle nozzle. I will not purchase this brand again.
I love this mop with a vinegar and water solution for my high gloss floors - then the handle broke. Can't see how it can be fixed. Looking for a replacement. I don't like that the pad/head would flip over the first couple of swipes of the floor. It was like it had damp spots and dry spots and would stick to the floor then flip over.
Wish this product had diposable pads as well. I use a combo of other brands and have to make the disposable pads fit. I have a pet and to wash the pads over and over does not work for me. Consider a disposable, PLEASE
this mop worked fine until today and it won't spray. The spray mechanism works but the water will not come out of the bottle--I think the bottle top has stopped working-disappointed because use a lot of Rubbermaid products.
I bought this loving the idea of the washable pad and refillable bottle. I even bought an extra bottle and pad to have one set for my tile and one for wood. It worked great until today when the plastic at the bottom of the handle cracked and the handle came out. Now it is useless. I expected more from Rubbermaid.
After spending way too much on other brand name refills, I bought the Rubbermaid reveal....loved it until the sprayer stopped working....after moving I thought id give it another shot since they came out with a new design with the scrubber....a month or two later same thing...(hey Rubbermaid...nobody saves proof of purchase or receipts for mops!) great concept on the mop, not so much on the sprayer.
I saw this at someone's house and loved it, so I bought one. Mine is an updated model I guess, cause their bottle and mine do not fit each others mops. Their sprayer stopped working and the plastic pin holding in the handle broke. My bottle leaks now after a few uses. My spray trigger is starting to stick. I would like to get a replacement bottle, but am having trouble getting one
Sadly in less than a month of use my sprayer broke... I can believe it didn't last but a month. I really love the mop but with such terrible sprayer it is no use.... It will help if I can obtain a refund or a new mop. Either way I will be fine. This is not working for me right now....
I used this mop 3-4 times but in less than a month the trigger started to stick and will not pop back ,I really like the mop but am very disappointed in the short use I GOT from it for the money.
I just purchased my second reveal mop. I had purchased two additional mop pads for my mop when the mop head broke off from the handle. I was just pushing it back and forth when it came apart. The handle is metal, but the connection is plastic. The new one is made a little differently so I hope it holds up better. If not, I will not buy a third.
The Reveal Spray Mop was at our new home/work place when we moved into the apartment that came with our Management position with Personal Mini Storage Apopka, FL on Semoran Blvd. We liked the mop but the handle broke within a year. We have no idea how long they had it before we arrived, but we wanted a new one. We couldn't find it at our local stores so we ordered it online. Two weeks after it arrived we saw it at Lowe's (where we had looked for it) for less than half the price we paid to have it shipped to us. Every time I use it I get angry. Unfortunately, I like your products, but will never order online again only will buy at discount stores locally.
I really liked the Reveal Mop for the few months I had it, but the pole snapped in half on Tuesday while I was mopping the floor. It sounds like, from the reviews, this is a common problem. The wide head makes mopping a large area a breeze and being able to change the microfiber pad out (I got 3 with my mop at Sam's Club) if it gets too wet is another bonus feature. For the money, it should definitely last longer. I would like to replace it, but I don't want the same thing happening again in a few months. It is supposed to save money over the competition no disposable pads or specific solutions), but I've had the competitor's brand for years without having to replace it and the start up costs aren't too far off. I think the Reveal Mop makes the floors look better and is easier to use than the other brand, but replacing it every 3 months would not be very cost efficient. Of course, I don't have my receipt anymore, so I can't get this one replaced under warranty. If I did replace it, I would be sure to save the receipt!
This is a slightly heavy moisturizer, perfect for overnight use. It has a nice clean smell that is not too perfume-y. It feels like it begins to soak into the skin quite quickly and does not feel greasy on the face. I have two small issues which will keep me from using the product in the future. First when I wash my face in the morning I can still feel the moisturizer on my skin as I wash, meaning it dies not soak in deeply or completely. Second, I dislike the jar, I have longer nails and I can't get the product out without ending up with it under my nails. A bottle or tube would be much easier to deal with. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer is great for a nighttime moisture blast. My skin definitely felt more supple in the morning. My only complaint is that the scent was a little strong. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product seems a little too thick and I didn't notice any improvement in my skin. I'm going back to my regular moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good, but my skin felt a bit dry using it. Need to use a serum first, then it was ok. Would like it a bit whipped and lighter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Got the free trials in the mail, and did it every day. While my skin did feel softer, firmer, and with less wrinkles, I had two issues with it. First, it was heavily scented, and I am allergic to most scents. Second, on certain days, it would flake on my skin, and I had to wash most of it off.
So far, I would say that, as a moisturizer, Revitalift is great. Doesn't seem to do much for wrinkles. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My skin definitely feels hydrated with this moisturizer. It's fairly thick, which is fine for night time, but it's a little too thick for daytime use, so I've been using the smallest dab for daytime. My skin is somewhat dry, but not overly so, and this product may be best for skin that is super dry. I like that it doesn't feel at all greasy, and it absorbs into the skin quickly. The smell isn't too strong, but I'd prefer that there be no perfumes at all in my moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It seems as though my skin is more hydrated, but will continue on through the 14 days. Although I love the concept of what this product does, I personally do not like the texture... very thick, and the smell is a bit nauseating. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got my free samples. It was a bit greasy but good other than that This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Used the 2week sample. I did not notice any results This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I took the RevitaLift 14 day challenge and sad to say I did not notice any of the improvements that others had claimed they did. I did like the texture and the way it felt when I applied it. It was not oily nor did it leave a greasy feeling on my face. Would I purchase it the answer is no.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
some days I just don't want to put the effort into putting on a lot of makeup. on those days I'll usually just wear concealer on my skin. Unfortunately with this product I have to use primer out my concealer or any other makeup product I put on kind of rolls off like tacky flakies in a way that suggests I put way too much moisturizer on even though I know I didn't. it will do this with just a touch from my finger or blender. I used it for all of the 14 days and basically either went full glam or wore nearly no makeup at all. I definitely won't be buying this however I will continue to use my Hydra genius moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've only used this product for 8 days every night. I found it a little too heavy to use in the morning even though it says day and night on the instructions. A little goes a long way and it covers well but for someone with combo skin I think it's best at night because it make my skin a little too sticky when I used it as a day cream. More updates coming as Revlon RevitaLift says full benefits are reached in 4 weeks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Locks moisture in, which is great in the bitter, dry, cold of Chicago!
Hanen't used it very long, but it seems to be working! Thank you!
While not the best lotion I have tried, it is much better than most I have tried for an antiaging lotion, especially for the price range.
I tried a 5 day sample of this product to help keep my skin looking younger. Ii lotion is non greasy and absorbs but the scent is overpowering for me. I could not do the full 5 day sample becaue of the scent.
I have only been using the product 2 times a day for 3 weeks, i don't see enoguh hydration. I do see a smoothness, i don't see any more density or firmness, but i do think its to soon to tell.
Been using over a month .have seen no difference. I won't repurchase
To my diasppointment i had to stop using this product after 3 days.I have mature skin and it seems the skin on my face lost all moisture.From October thu may my forehead,nose,and chin are extremely dry and senitive, so when i did use this although if felt great the first 2 days i started to noticed the dry parts were getting worse.By the third day my skin was so itchy and red i couldn't wash nor touch my face. I do plan on trying this again once the whether gets warmer.
Received 5 one-use samples and I prefer using skincare for a minimum of 10 days (preferably 14) before reviewing. I don't really have wrinkles, so I can't attest to those results but for firming/redensifying, it works well. Moisturizer feels too dry which I find in many firming/redensifying products. Needed to use an oil (argan) underneath to keep my skin hydrated. Also, as with most L'Oreal/Lancome products, the fragrance is too perfumey for my tastes.
Heavy feeling, not a fan of fragrance, have not noticed any changes in skin appearance at all! Would not purchase again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Note: I've only used this product for two weeks, so there's a chance that continued usage would produce different results. The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer does an excellent job of adding long-lasting moisture to my skin - but I learned that a little of this product goes a *long* way. I honestly couldn't imagine using this as anything other than a night cream, as the formula is too heavy for my skin (sensitive/dry in the cooler months, sensitive/slightly oily during warmer months). When I began using the product, I applied too much on the first two days of usage - and noticed a slight outbreak of small pimples on areas of my skin which are naturally oilier than the rest. The outbreaks cleared, however, once I adjusted the amount of product I applied. Because such a small amount is needed for full facial coverage, I can see this product lasting a very long time. While its formula is rich, it still absorbed rather quickly (although I had to do a fair bit of massaging into my skin) and only left a slightly dewy appearance on my skin. The serum is lightly scented with a fragrance which is unlikely to be offensive to most users (it reminded me of a non-powdery/floral shampoo), and its scent quickly evaporated. The scent was almost identical to other products within the RevitaLift line. Its light scent was helpful considering that I only used this product before going to bed, and dislike having heavy fragrances lingering on my skin at that point. After several days of usage, I noticed that my skin was softer than usual upon awakening, and that problem spots for dryness (such as the area around my lips) were still somewhat moisturized after 8-10 hours. Given that I've experienced no adverse effects from using the moisturizer, I'm looking forward to finishing my current jar - and then re-evaluating my skin to see if enough improvements have occurred to warrant a new purchase. I can definitely see my using this as a winter night cream - especially on my dcolletage. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the product for a week. I can see how soft and hydrated my face show. Suggest this product. Especially in winter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product works well . The only negative I would say is if you go out in the heat to soon after using it your face starts to feel a little greasy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product was great as a moisturizer, but I had to stop using it because my skin was to sensitive and my skin became itchy and blotchy. I would recommend it for dry skin, though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer is great for a nighttime moisture blast. My skin definitely felt more supple in the morning. My only complaint is that the scent was a little strong. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Product was a bit heavy for me. But I tried it on my feet, and I loved it. Serum is great, absorbs quickly. Daily moisturizer does not absorb very fast, could not use it under make up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I feel a difference, less fine lines. It doesn't absorb all the way, I can feel it when I touch it. I would probably buy it if it's not too expensive. I have only used it a few days. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this product for about a week. I used it as directed. I feel that it worked in reducing my wrinkles but it clogged my pores and caused me to break out. I would not buy this product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using this product for about 1 week now while it works as advertised it also caused me to break out. It is a good product but if you are prone to break outs I would avoid This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This also felt very soft on the face and has a nice smell. It didn't help with wrinkles or poofy under eyes after 9 days of using this with Serum. I only used it at night, so maybe I needed to use it more. I was following directions. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So after using this for over a week I find that the step two of the routine has a weird film that comes off on my make up sponge or fingers. No matter how long I let it soak in. It still keeps my face soft. I have really noticed much change in fine lines yet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I already have a face moisturizer that I use at night, so I'm pretty partial. This one is a little thick heavy for me - I have oily skin and am not ready for something so deep acting. Could be good for dry skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Been using this product for 2 weeks... feels great on my skin. No breakouts and my skin doesn't feel oily. Not sure I see any reduction in wrinkles or dark spots however. I'll continue to use it though for now. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer is a little too thick and greasy. I do think that it has worked to firm my skin and I do notice reduction in small wrinkles on my forehead and next to my eyes. I would recommend this product even though it is greasy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I didn't care for this product. I applied it in the morning before applying make-up. By lunch time all of my makeup looked clumpy on my skin and I looked very blotchy. I then switched to using it before bed on my neck. It goes on very thick and felt like it was wiping off on my pillow case. I think this will be my weekend moisturizer when I am not wearing makeup. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this product smelled way too strong. 8 was very self conscious of the smell when my husband went to kiss me. I did however notice a difference in my dark spots on my face- I was having to use less foundation to cover dark spots after just a few days. The wrinkles on my face were still unchanged unfortunately. I'd like to see a bigger difference in my wrinkles. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer is thick and thoroughly moisturized my face and neck with a small amount. It would be a very effective product for someone with dry skin. My skin is a bit too oily for this product. It left my skin feeling a bit too slick. I think it might be too much with the serum. As a stand alone moisturizer it might be fine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First off I gave it 3 stars because in 3 wks of use it had just slightly softened the lines on my forehead but it has done wonders on the size of the pores on my face and evened out my complexion , made the skin super smooth and mostirized . I'm going to keep using to see if it helps the lines on my forehead This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the feel of this it's not super thick or at all greasy. However, I've only used it a couple times. Mostly because I prefer a tinted moisturizer to even out my skin tone. If this came in a tinted version I would certainly continue to buy it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After recieving as a sample I thought I would like L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep Action Mosturizer as I am a fan of L'Oreal products. It smells great and does not feel stick when applying but towards the end on my day my skin became very oily and because I have already combination skin I didnt like how it felt. I don't recommend it for oily skin as it might cause skin to feel more oily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used the Triple Power Facial Moisturizer for nearly two weeks now, every evening and most mornings, applying it over the Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment. On mornings when I didn't use the moisturizer over the serum, it was because I was using the sunscreen instead. Even though the fragrance is a bit heavy, this moisturizer did not leave a burning feeling on my face and it didn't make my face red... those are always my immediate concerns. A little does go a long way so I can tell this bottle will last a long time. The serum and especially the moisturizer both take a while to soak in and dry a bit. In the morning it wasn't that much of a problem, but in the evening I did have to remember to apply earlier than my bedtime since it took so long to dry up. A few nights I went to bed soon after applying the serum and moisturizer, and every time my face touched the pillowcase, it kinda stuck. So it was a bit of a hassle to try to remember applying the products earlier to give them time to dry. When using the moisturizer during the day, it was nice to feel like it was still working as the afternoon came on. Even after several hours at work, my face never felt dry. Also my normal-to-slightly-oily face didn't feel sticky, gummed up, or filmy like it can with some other heavy moisturizers. I gave the Revitalift Triple Power Facial Moisturizer 3 out of 5 stars because its heaviness did cause pimples to break out on both cheeks and forehead. The pimples formed right where my face is against the pillowcase all night. I skipped applying the moisturizer for a couple of nights but will resume after these blemishes clear. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved the lotion the first time I used it. My combination skin was no longer dry on my cheeks and my face felt moisturized all day. And the lotion smells great. However, after about a week of using it, I noticed my nose and chin were very oily. I had to apply powder far more often to keep the shine down. I think this would be a great lotion for someone with overall dry skin. It's s very rich lotion and doesn't require you to use much to get results. Which makes it a great value. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is my final review I used the Revitalift serum and daily moisturizer for 2.5 weeks. I was on hopes that it would lessen the wrinkles under my eye when I smile. Unfortunately it did not, it does however give my skin a new soft feel. The effects that I reported in my first review still remain the warming sensation when applied. So for a girl who has never used anything but water on her face it was a pleasant experience after the first few days! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Again, a nice L'Oreal face product. Non-greasy, absorbs well into the skin. I just wish they would do away with the strong smell. Make it more fresh or no-odor. I've been an Olay user for many years and I found this to be fairly comparable. I have fairly sensitive skin and I had no adverse reaction to using it. No additional breakouts or redness. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I typically use high end skin care products and have for years. I was anxious to see how the L'Oral products would compare. I used the serum and deep acting moisturizer for a week. The products did not perform as well as my current routine. My face felt less moisturized and the texture of m skin was not as smooth. I also did not care for the fragrance in these products. It was a bit overpowering and lingered for quite a while. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My skin definitely feels hydrated with this moisturizer. It's fairly thick, which is fine for night time, but it's a little too thick for daytime use, so I've been using the smallest dab for daytime. My skin is somewhat dry, but not overly so, and this product may be best for skin that is super dry. I like that it doesn't feel at all greasy, and it absorbs into the skin quickly. The smell isn't too strong, but I'd prefer that there be no perfumes at all in my moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using this product for a few weeks, I definitely notice a difference in how soft my skin is. Drawbacks of this product are: first, it has a strong perfume smell, and second, it is quite thick and the excess doesn't absorb into your skin. First time I tried it, I applied it liberally and in the morning I could literally scrape it off with my fingernail. The next time, I applied only a small amount and got better results. This also means the product will last you a long time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just wrapping up my first week of using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. It feels a little heavy compared to some others I have used in the past but goes on real smooth and doesn't stay heavy. The scent is a bit much as well but doesn't last long either. The moisturizer works well, as the colder windier weather is starting to hit and I haven't had any issues with dryness. I'm only on my first week, so nothing really to report as far as reducing fine lines and wrinkles. Yet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this after applying the triple power concentrated serum treatment. I only use this moisturizer at night. I found that no matter how lightly I apply the product, it seems to flake on my skin. Nonetheless, the cream feels very moisturizing and luxurious. It does have a perfumed scent that takes some getting used to. I do like that my skin feels soft and hydrated using this moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the L'Oreal Paris RivitaLift Triple Power Deep acting Facial Moisturizer. I used it every night and some mornings for just over 2 weeks so far. I like the light scent. It leaves a non-greasy feel. It absorbs great. I have not noticed a change in my skin as of today. I hope to see smoother and younger looking skin as I continue to use the products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
L'Oreals revatalift Deep Acting Moisturizer looks great and smells fantastic. A small amount is enough to apply generously. For me, my facial skin is not dry enough for this product. I believe if you do have dry zones in your face, this would absolutely help with that. Upon applying it before bed, I could still feel it in the morning. The moisturizer has great staying power. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The pros of this facial moisturizer: it really does make my skin look healthy the next morning, and it doesn't cause any adverse reactions to my very sensitive skin. The cons: it is very heavy, which makes me worry that I'm clogging my pores (I may fall in love with it over the winter when my skin gets so dry it starts to chap), and the scent is not very pleasant and it sticks with you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I had been looking to a good moisturizer that I could add to my routine before bed. I tried the L'Oral revitalift triple power deep acting facial moisturizer. When I first applied it to my freshly cleansed skin it felt heavy. Not what I expected to feel. After about a week using it my skin felt hydrated and smooth but it still felt pretty heavy. I didn't mind too much since I was only using it before bed. I did not care for the scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using this product for over a week now and have seen some good things and some bad things with this product. Here's the good 1.) It made my skin feel smooth silky. 2.) It did re-hydrate my skin tighten it. Now here's the bad 1.) After a few days I noticed that my face started to feel greasy. 2) Due that greasiness even after washing my face twice a day I started to break out. I'm not sure this is a product that I would buy on a normal basis to my skincare routine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product was great and really made my skin look and feel moisturized. It even smells great, however, for those of us with combo skin, it doesnt last long enough. My dry areas needed more lotion halfway through the day. Going back to the good points, my kids (2 and 10) saw me in the bathroom mirror applying this cream and wanted to try it too. I allowed them to put a little on and it was gentle enough on their sensitive skin. i made sure to watch over the next few days, but I saw no irritation on their faces. I also love that this product is really light. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
A little bit goes a long way with Revitalift Triple Power Moisturizer. The moisturizer is fairly thin in consistency, spreads easily and is absorbed fairly quickly into the skin. Although the fragrance is subtle it is still a bit too much for my preference since I am used to non-fragrant products - it did linger for the night and I could faintly smell it in the morning when I woke up. I am fairly picky about wearing heavy moisturizers to bed as I don't like to feel like I have heavy night cream on. The moisturizer was very light and did not bother me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this as a night cream because it was very thick and moisturizing - in a good away. It doesn't say it's just for night, but it's so thick and moisturizing it works well to leave on all night. I'm not sure how make-up would apply over it since it was a little on the heavy side and I didn't use it during the day. I had a some issues with breakouts when I used it so perhaps it was too thick of a formula for me personally, but if you have dry skin that isn't sensitive you will love it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a slightly heavy moisturizer, perfect for overnight use. It has a nice clean smell that is not too perfume-y. It feels like it begins to soak into the skin quite quickly and does not feel greasy on the face. I have two small issues which will keep me from using the product in the future. First when I wash my face in the morning I can still feel the moisturizer on my skin as I wash, meaning it dies not soak in deeply or completely. Second, I dislike the jar, I have longer nails and I can't get the product out without ending up with it under my nails. A bottle or tube would be much easier to deal with. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So, last night I tried the facial moisturizer after my shower. The first thing I noticed was the smell. It wasn't an overpowering smell, but a weird almost medicine like smell. When I first put it on it was nice (aside from the smell). It went on smooth and had an almost radiant appearance. My skin felt smooth and not sticky or oily. After about 15 minutes I did notice a slight burning sensation. It wasn't a really uncomfortable feeling, just enough to notice it. My skin did feel a little oily this morning but that may have just been a reaction to a new product. I will keep using it to see the full effect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The moisturizer is very rich which is why I gave it 3 stars, but it is so heavy that I could only use it at night. I even tried adding a matte balm over it before my make up, but it is not made to be worn under makeup. My make up did not set well, and I noticed that my face stayed shiny/glossy looking even after applying my setting powder. It does make for a great night time lotion though with it being so rich and heavy I don't feel like it rubs off at night. It has a great smell also. It isnt an overpowering fragrance for your face, but simply a light pleasant one. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm torn on this review! On the one hand, it has some outstanding positives to recommend it. 1) Ah, the feeling of this cream! Thick, cushiony and luxurious without being at all greasy or sticky. A+ for texture. 2) It truly feels soothing and moisturizing on my dehydrated winter skin. I think it actually makes me look less dry and dehydrated and plumps out fine lines. And 3) it wears beautifully under sunscreen or makeup. So--bravo for all that! But the more practical, analytical side of me knows this has some serious downfalls, too. 1) Jar packaging. So convenient, especially for a thicker, lovely-feeling cream like this, but the minute products are exposed to air, any beneficial ingredients lose their efficacy, so there's that. 2) It's a heavy, bulky jar, so not travel-friendly exactly. 3) Fragrance. (It's not unpleasant smelling, but fragrance can be irritating, especially near eyes, so for me, that's a detractor and has no benefit to my skin care.) Lastly, it makes some big, unrealistic claims to repair wrinkles, re-firm and re-densify skin. No cream can do that! But given the jar packaging and fragrance, it's even less likely. (Left to Right in the photo: Revitalift Concentrated Facial Serum, Revitalift Triple Power Day Lotion Moisturizer, and on the far right, near my thumb--the thickest, most cushiony cream of the 3 products I tested, Revitalift Deep-Acting Moisturizer.) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that L'Oreal Paris's RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is super thick! I mean it totally moisturizes. I felt like it worked in to my skin easily. But I only felt comfortable putting this on at night because it is a thicker cream. After one application of rubbing it in all over my face and neck as prescribed, I woke up the next morning with quite a few zits along my jaw line... where I don't normally get break outs. Now I could have just not worked it in well enough... But I am leary since I don't want to have to worry about acne. So I will have to keep testing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product since October 26th along with the Loreal concentrated triple power facial serum. I like the moisturizer better than the serum because it feels silkier and cooler on my skin and it leaves a slight tingle. In the time that I have been using the products I have not noticed any deeper lines and wrinkles diminishing but I have notices very slightly that some of the fine lines and wrinkles were reduced. I want to make sure that I give everything a fair chance so I will continue to use the products. It has not even been a month yet so perhaps there was not enough time yet to really notice a difference. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As an active user of a different line up of makeup all together (One that can't be purchased over the counter) I wasn't particularly impressed. Not to the point of being willing to switch to less expensive over the counter product. After several days of use, I found the moisturizer to leave to a heavy residue on my face in the morning. It also had a strong perfume smell. Something I can do without. Overall, If it's in your budget, I would recommend going for something a little lighter in consistency and most likely, a little more expensive. This product may provide another just what they're looking for, but it wasn't for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
L'Oreal's Revitalift Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer was a very rich and creamy night moisturizer. Perhaps too much so in fact because I found that it did not absorb well. In addition, it is recommended to pair this moisturizer with the night serum, but when I did this, it was extremely tacky and did not even absorb after several hours of application. If this experience was followed by outstanding results for wrinkle and fine line minimization, I would be open to tolerating it, but I did not realize any significant minimization of lines or wrinkles after several weeks of daily use. The positive about this moisturizer was that even with it being such a heavy rich moisturizer, I experienced no breakouts in my combination skin and my skin did feel softer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
There are many anti-aging products on the market and it is important to know what works and what doesn't before purchasing because none of these products are inexpensive. This moisturizer claims to repair wrinkles, re-firm and redensify. One of the things that I really like about this product is that it gives specific instructions on how to use it. Prior to using the L'Oral facial moisturizer, the instructions recommend cleansing thoroughly and first using the Triple Power Concentrated Serum. When done together in this manner, you can immediately feel your skin melting and softening to the touch. I used this product under and around my eyes, on my neck and jawline and on the tops of my hands. In one week's time, I noticed that I had much smoother skin in all these areas. At the end of two weeks, I found that my skin was becoming firmer and taking on a much more youthful appearance. I did notice a lightening of age spots but not much in the way of wrinkle reduction. I am a very critical reviewer and for a product like this would recommend using it every day for an extended period of time, such as a month, before making a final decision. So far, I really like what I am seeing and believe that it works much better than Olay products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just received the LOreal Paris deep acting facial moisturizer and was pleased to see a full jar. The deep red packaging and fine print might not entice a busy consumer to read what the product does. The jar itself looks like a high quality product with its shiny silvery squared top. However, I personally found it easy to open but closing it evenly was a little more difficult to get the top on straight. The product is very creamy and has a slight odor which lingered on the skin for about 15 minutes before I put my make-up on.The ointment goes on easily and does not require a large amount to be applied. I look forward to seeing how my skin appears after a few days use. I wish they would have sent the eye cream as well for testing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really loved how my skin stayed moist but I don't like the smell of it on my face. I wish it smelled better!
Loreal Paris Triple Power Deep Acting Moisturizer feels so luxurious on the skin! It is lightweight and non greasy. The moisturizer is effective, my skin looked dewy, hydrated, and after the first few days of use the dry patches around my nose and eyebrows were gone. This cream also smells amazing but fragrance is something I usually avoid in terms of skin care. This also contains parabens and other ingredients that may be undesired to some. Check the label before purchasing! I love that the jar is glass, (the jar is gorgeous by the way!) it seems glass would be best for preserving the product. Overall I do love this moisturizer, but some of the ingredients may not be suited for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using this L'Oreal Revitalift Facial Moisturizer off and on for a couple weeks. Cons: It's pretty thick and leaves my skin a little shiny. Since I don't wear makeup, I've decided to only use this product before bed. Also I have sensitive skin, and the perfume in this product irritates me just a bit. Pros: It's made my skin softer and younger looking in just a short period of time in conjunction with the Revitalift Serum. I'm in my early thirties and it's helped with the lines that are beginning to show around my mouth and eyes. Overall, I recommend adding this product to your daily routine if you like thick moisturizers and don't mind a strong perfume. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm always on a search for a moisturizer that doesn't leave my skin feeling oily since I have oily complexion. I found this product to leave my skin feeling some what oily. The jar is nice and the scent of it was light. It cream is heavy so a little goes a long way. Just a dab of it was enough for my entire face and neck. When I didn't wear makeup and left my face bare, my face felt fine. But when I wore makeup, it felt heavy. My makeup wouldn't hold up well and shortly after, my face had oil. This hasn't happened to me in a while so I was disappointed. I do see a difference in my face since starting this product along with the serum and day cream so it wasn't all too bad. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Good coverage sorry did not see a big diff in 5 days like claim says.
This L'Oral RevitaLift Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer makes a lot of promises that, frankly, it doesn't keep. But then, if you're old enough to have wrinkles, you're probably sort of used to that from beauty products! When I used this product, I did feel like there was some improvement to my complexion, and I felt like I was taking better care of my skin then when I wasn't using anything. But I definitely didn't see the sort of dramatic decrease in wrinkles that the product claims. My neck MAYBE seemed a bit firmer and that's a good thing. I plan to keep using it - hope springs eternal and could have been better at following the daily regimen. There doesn't seem to be any real downside to continuing - no skin irritations, no smothering perfumey smell - or medicine smell - to annoy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Only used about a week, at night. No difference yet. Cannot use under foundation because the more you rub, it rolls right off. Scent is VERY heavy. Why in the world would you want such a heavily scented face moisturizer. It lost one star for scent, one for not being able to use under makeup.
Although I do like the consistancy of the cream and the way it goes on....it has done nothing in reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles on MY face. I don't know that there is ANYTHING out there that can help me... as far as a Product is concerned. I DO like the moisturizing quality of the cream and will most likely continue using it as the skin on my face has become extremely dry with age and menopause!!
Its been a week of religiously using this cream morning and night. My first thought upon opening the bottle was that it was heavily perfumed. I was hesistant because I have sensitive skin. It's been a week and I have had no irritation, no burning, and no red spots. So sensitive skin ladies can go for it! I also have combination skin and easily break out. Again, no problems. I am pretty confident this product works with all skin types. As far as moisturizing my skin I give it a 10 out of 10. It's not greasy, does not leave residue or feel like I have oil on my face. I have noticed my skin is much, much softer and I have no dry patches that usually pop up around fall and winter. The sunscreen in the cream is an added bonus! Now as far as fine lines go, it has only been a week. I can not tell a difference except for when I wear makeup. Usually my fine lines will be even more noticeable with makeup. Now they are not. In fact my makeup goes on much smoother and looks insanely better. For that reason alone I will continue with L'Oral. Oil of Olay, bye-bye!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer daily for 2 weeks in conjunction with L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20 and my skin seemed very smooth at first, but after the first week I had some acne appearing. I used each product by itself and think the culprit was the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. I have normal to dry skin and don't break out often, so I was a little bummed out that this product seemed to have that kind of reaction to my skin, almost making it too moist. I rated it at 3 stars because, while it didn't seem to work long term for me, the immediate results after a day of use were noticeable and positive. I liked the smell and consistency of the moisturizer and the packaging is very appealing in a ark shade of red. I don't have any wrinkles, so I can't speak for the wrinkle fighting power. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The products did not soak into my face well and left feeling sticky and gross for sleeping in particular. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Day 1 of trying this new product and so far so good. My face feels soft. The product has a nice but not overpowering scent. I would give it more stars but it is only day one. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this L'Oreal Deep Moisturizer for approx. two weeks. This has a nice consistency and the smell is not heavy. I generally have oily skin and this did not leave my skin any more/less oily than any other product I have used. This does come in a jar, which I am not crazy about, although you can definitely scrape every last drop out. I did not see any difference in texture/wrinkles. I did get a small patch of what looked like sweat pimples near my nose and two cyst like pimples. One under my chin and one on my neck. These were only on the L'Oreal side. I do not have sensitive skin. I did use the Serum/Day Lotions from this line, so I am not sure if the use of one or all were to blame, just to be fair. Due to the breaking out and the jar packaging, I would not purchase. This does seem to be worth trying if you do not have issues with those two things. For me, they were deal breakers. Also, I wish I had more than two weeks to try, as that is not enough time for a proper face product review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have very oily skin and also very sensitive skin. This moisturizer is thick but it does not break me out and doesn't feel thick on my face. It absorbs very nicely into my skin and my pores have diminished. Unfortunately, the very strong fragrance is a no-go for me regardless of the effectiveness. If L'Oreal could remove the fragrance, I'd definitely be a fan. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product that I received for free from Influenster to test out. This moisturizer is quite thick and heavy and while it does do a good job in moisturizing your face, I think it's too heavy to wear under makeup. I also haven't really noticed a huge difference in fine lines or wrinkles but I've only been applying at night. While I did receive this product for free, my opinions are all mine.
I wanted tolove this product but it wasn't for my skin type. I generally gravitate towards clear serums but decided to give this product a try. Unfortunately I broke out. I find that this was too heavy could stand on its on as 2 in 1 type of product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for close to 2 weeks now. I use it every night after washing my face and applying the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment. This moisturizer is rich and creamy. My one critic is that after applying, my face itself feels like it's wearing foundation or heavy make-up. However, to the touch, my skin feels silky and not at all greasy. A little certainly goes a long way with this product. Since starting this cream, my skin has been so much more hydrated and the texture is definitely better. I feel like this will be a great addition to my skincare routine as we enter these colder and drier months. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved the consistency of the product as it was very thick and velvety. A little definitely goes a long way! I have very sensitive skin and after the first use I had some slightly uncomfortable tingling. It was less noticeable with subsequent uses and there was never any redness. I was looking for a nice soothing lotion and found it slightly uncomfortable so It may not be the best product for gals with dry, sensitive skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tend to agree with other reviewers and would be happier if this were in a pump container. Dipping into a jar isn't my favorite and can lead to bacteria. That said, the lotion itself is deeply moisturizing as advertised. The scent is a bit heavy for my liking, but overall, I enjoy the fragrance. Coupled with the serum it kept my skin soft and glowing all day long - always a plus! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've only used this product for 8 days every night. I found it a little too heavy to use in the morning even though it says day and night on the instructions. A little goes a long way and it covers well but for someone with combo skin I think it's best at night because it make my skin a little too sticky when I used it as a day cream. More updates coming as Revlon RevitaLift says full benefits are reached in 4 weeks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is fine, but i don't like it more than my normal moisturizer, from Olay. I'm not nuts about the scent or how this sits on my face. I have combo skin - i don't think this makes me look greasy, im just partial to the scent and consistency of my normal moisturizer. This doesn't sit under my makeup as nicely, either. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this product for free from influenster to try and review. I used it for 14 days and my feelings are a little mixed. Overall, I do feel like my skin is softer, but I also think that the cream made my face more oily than it already is. I'm also sensitive to fragrances and I feel like the scent of this cream is too strong to me. contest
L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer made my skin smooth and soft. I did notice however that it only temporarily plumped wrinkles but soon they reappeared. I don't have many wrinkles however so this wasn't too much of a bother. It comes in a jar which is probably why this occurred as beneficial ingredients diminish once the jar is open. It feels luxurious on the skin and has a wonderful smell but again fragrance ingredients are known to cause irritation and the preservative methylisothiazolinone. It visibly brightened and smoothed my skin however it felt pretty heavy on my skin and left it somewhat shiny. It is best used lightly. It is great for all to use except for those with allergies to to fragrance or if you are looking to control sagging of the skin or lifting of contours. It is a nice skin moisturizer but it wan't much different from other moisturizers I've used in the past except for the wonderful smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So far I think that I have a favorable opinion of the L'Oreal Revitalift products. But I honestly don't think I've had enough time to try then talk. Things I like about the product Containers are easy to use, not messy. Products have a lovely scent. All three products: L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer (1.7 oz) L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment (1.0 oz) L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20 (1.7 oz) have a beautiful feel when applying. I really like that there is no residual and/or oily feeling. The only negative (not even sure it's a negative because I'm not sure if it's because I've only had a short period of time to try) I have is that after applying my skin seems to be peeling a bit. I'm not sure if this is because it is exfoliating the dead skin or an adverse reaction to the products. It has no other side affects, so I've continued to use. So far I haven't seen a reduction in wrinkles. I do feel that my skin feels and looks smoother. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Hanen't used it very long, but it seems to be working! Thank you!
While not the best lotion I have tried, it is much better than most I have tried for an antiaging lotion, especially for the price range.
I tried a 5 day sample of this product to help keep my skin looking younger. Ii lotion is non greasy and absorbs but the scent is overpowering for me. I could not do the full 5 day sample becaue of the scent.
As an active user of a different line up of makeup all together (One that can't be purchased over the counter) I wasn't particularly impressed. Not to the point of being willing to switch to less expensive over the counter product. After several days of use, I found the moisturizer to leave to a heavy residue on my face in the morning. It also had a strong perfume smell. Something I can do without. Overall, If it's in your budget, I would recommend going for something a little lighter in consistency and most likely, a little more expensive. This product may provide another just what they're looking for, but it wasn't for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this product for about a week. I used it as directed. I feel that it worked in reducing my wrinkles but it clogged my pores and caused me to break out. I would not buy this product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using this product for about 1 week now while it works as advertised it also caused me to break out. It is a good product but if you are prone to break outs I would avoid This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So after using this for over a week I find that the step two of the routine has a weird film that comes off on my make up sponge or fingers. No matter how long I let it soak in. It still keeps my face soft. I have really noticed much change in fine lines yet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
There are many anti-aging products on the market and it is important to know what works and what doesn't before purchasing because none of these products are inexpensive. This moisturizer claims to repair wrinkles, re-firm and redensify. One of the things that I really like about this product is that it gives specific instructions on how to use it. Prior to using the L'Oral facial moisturizer, the instructions recommend cleansing thoroughly and first using the Triple Power Concentrated Serum. When done together in this manner, you can immediately feel your skin melting and softening to the touch. I used this product under and around my eyes, on my neck and jawline and on the tops of my hands. In one week's time, I noticed that I had much smoother skin in all these areas. At the end of two weeks, I found that my skin was becoming firmer and taking on a much more youthful appearance. I did notice a lightening of age spots but not much in the way of wrinkle reduction. I am a very critical reviewer and for a product like this would recommend using it every day for an extended period of time, such as a month, before making a final decision. So far, I really like what I am seeing and believe that it works much better than Olay products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product works well . The only negative I would say is if you go out in the heat to soon after using it your face starts to feel a little greasy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Just wrapping up my first week of using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. It feels a little heavy compared to some others I have used in the past but goes on real smooth and doesn't stay heavy. The scent is a bit much as well but doesn't last long either. The moisturizer works well, as the colder windier weather is starting to hit and I haven't had any issues with dryness. I'm only on my first week, so nothing really to report as far as reducing fine lines and wrinkles. Yet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I didn't care for this product. I applied it in the morning before applying make-up. By lunch time all of my makeup looked clumpy on my skin and I looked very blotchy. I then switched to using it before bed on my neck. It goes on very thick and felt like it was wiping off on my pillow case. I think this will be my weekend moisturizer when I am not wearing makeup. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved the lotion the first time I used it. My combination skin was no longer dry on my cheeks and my face felt moisturized all day. And the lotion smells great. However, after about a week of using it, I noticed my nose and chin were very oily. I had to apply powder far more often to keep the shine down. I think this would be a great lotion for someone with overall dry skin. It's s very rich lotion and doesn't require you to use much to get results. Which makes it a great value. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Product was a bit heavy for me. But I tried it on my feet, and I loved it. Serum is great, absorbs quickly. Daily moisturizer does not absorb very fast, could not use it under make up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I too have oily skin and after using the product for 2 days my skin feels like it got more oily. I just didn't like the feeling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have very oily skin and also very sensitive skin. This moisturizer is thick but it does not break me out and doesn't feel thick on my face. It absorbs very nicely into my skin and my pores have diminished. Unfortunately, the very strong fragrance is a no-go for me regardless of the effectiveness. If L'Oreal could remove the fragrance, I'd definitely be a fan. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product was great and really made my skin look and feel moisturized. It even smells great, however, for those of us with combo skin, it doesnt last long enough. My dry areas needed more lotion halfway through the day. Going back to the good points, my kids (2 and 10) saw me in the bathroom mirror applying this cream and wanted to try it too. I allowed them to put a little on and it was gentle enough on their sensitive skin. i made sure to watch over the next few days, but I saw no irritation on their faces. I also love that this product is really light. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is my final review I used the Revitalift serum and daily moisturizer for 2.5 weeks. I was on hopes that it would lessen the wrinkles under my eye when I smile. Unfortunately it did not, it does however give my skin a new soft feel. The effects that I reported in my first review still remain the warming sensation when applied. So for a girl who has never used anything but water on her face it was a pleasant experience after the first few days! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this L'Oreal Deep Moisturizer for approx. two weeks. This has a nice consistency and the smell is not heavy. I generally have oily skin and this did not leave my skin any more/less oily than any other product I have used. This does come in a jar, which I am not crazy about, although you can definitely scrape every last drop out. I did not see any difference in texture/wrinkles. I did get a small patch of what looked like sweat pimples near my nose and two cyst like pimples. One under my chin and one on my neck. These were only on the L'Oreal side. I do not have sensitive skin. I did use the Serum/Day Lotions from this line, so I am not sure if the use of one or all were to blame, just to be fair. Due to the breaking out and the jar packaging, I would not purchase. This does seem to be worth trying if you do not have issues with those two things. For me, they were deal breakers. Also, I wish I had more than two weeks to try, as that is not enough time for a proper face product review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer is a little too thick and greasy. I do think that it has worked to firm my skin and I do notice reduction in small wrinkles on my forehead and next to my eyes. I would recommend this product even though it is greasy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I already have a face moisturizer that I use at night, so I'm pretty partial. This one is a little thick heavy for me - I have oily skin and am not ready for something so deep acting. Could be good for dry skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using this L'Oreal Revitalift Facial Moisturizer off and on for a couple weeks. Cons: It's pretty thick and leaves my skin a little shiny. Since I don't wear makeup, I've decided to only use this product before bed. Also I have sensitive skin, and the perfume in this product irritates me just a bit. Pros: It's made my skin softer and younger looking in just a short period of time in conjunction with the Revitalift Serum. I'm in my early thirties and it's helped with the lines that are beginning to show around my mouth and eyes. Overall, I recommend adding this product to your daily routine if you like thick moisturizers and don't mind a strong perfume. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for close to 2 weeks now. I use it every night after washing my face and applying the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment. This moisturizer is rich and creamy. My one critic is that after applying, my face itself feels like it's wearing foundation or heavy make-up. However, to the touch, my skin feels silky and not at all greasy. A little certainly goes a long way with this product. Since starting this cream, my skin has been so much more hydrated and the texture is definitely better. I feel like this will be a great addition to my skincare routine as we enter these colder and drier months. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First off I gave it 3 stars because in 3 wks of use it had just slightly softened the lines on my forehead but it has done wonders on the size of the pores on my face and evened out my complexion , made the skin super smooth and mostirized . I'm going to keep using to see if it helps the lines on my forehead This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The products did not soak into my face well and left feeling sticky and gross for sleeping in particular. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This also felt very soft on the face and has a nice smell. It didn't help with wrinkles or poofy under eyes after 9 days of using this with Serum. I only used it at night, so maybe I needed to use it more. I was following directions. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Loreal Paris Triple Power Deep Acting Moisturizer feels so luxurious on the skin! It is lightweight and non greasy. The moisturizer is effective, my skin looked dewy, hydrated, and after the first few days of use the dry patches around my nose and eyebrows were gone. This cream also smells amazing but fragrance is something I usually avoid in terms of skin care. This also contains parabens and other ingredients that may be undesired to some. Check the label before purchasing! I love that the jar is glass, (the jar is gorgeous by the way!) it seems glass would be best for preserving the product. Overall I do love this moisturizer, but some of the ingredients may not be suited for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
L'Oreal's Revitalift Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer was a very rich and creamy night moisturizer. Perhaps too much so in fact because I found that it did not absorb well. In addition, it is recommended to pair this moisturizer with the night serum, but when I did this, it was extremely tacky and did not even absorb after several hours of application. If this experience was followed by outstanding results for wrinkle and fine line minimization, I would be open to tolerating it, but I did not realize any significant minimization of lines or wrinkles after several weeks of daily use. The positive about this moisturizer was that even with it being such a heavy rich moisturizer, I experienced no breakouts in my combination skin and my skin did feel softer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I typically use high end skin care products and have for years. I was anxious to see how the L'Oral products would compare. I used the serum and deep acting moisturizer for a week. The products did not perform as well as my current routine. My face felt less moisturized and the texture of m skin was not as smooth. I also did not care for the fragrance in these products. It was a bit overpowering and lingered for quite a while. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The moisturizer is very rich which is why I gave it 3 stars, but it is so heavy that I could only use it at night. I even tried adding a matte balm over it before my make up, but it is not made to be worn under makeup. My make up did not set well, and I noticed that my face stayed shiny/glossy looking even after applying my setting powder. It does make for a great night time lotion though with it being so rich and heavy I don't feel like it rubs off at night. It has a great smell also. It isnt an overpowering fragrance for your face, but simply a light pleasant one. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used the Triple Power Facial Moisturizer for nearly two weeks now, every evening and most mornings, applying it over the Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment. On mornings when I didn't use the moisturizer over the serum, it was because I was using the sunscreen instead. Even though the fragrance is a bit heavy, this moisturizer did not leave a burning feeling on my face and it didn't make my face red... those are always my immediate concerns. A little does go a long way so I can tell this bottle will last a long time. The serum and especially the moisturizer both take a while to soak in and dry a bit. In the morning it wasn't that much of a problem, but in the evening I did have to remember to apply earlier than my bedtime since it took so long to dry up. A few nights I went to bed soon after applying the serum and moisturizer, and every time my face touched the pillowcase, it kinda stuck. So it was a bit of a hassle to try to remember applying the products earlier to give them time to dry. When using the moisturizer during the day, it was nice to feel like it was still working as the afternoon came on. Even after several hours at work, my face never felt dry. Also my normal-to-slightly-oily face didn't feel sticky, gummed up, or filmy like it can with some other heavy moisturizers. I gave the Revitalift Triple Power Facial Moisturizer 3 out of 5 stars because its heaviness did cause pimples to break out on both cheeks and forehead. The pimples formed right where my face is against the pillowcase all night. I skipped applying the moisturizer for a couple of nights but will resume after these blemishes clear. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product was great as a moisturizer, but I had to stop using it because my skin was to sensitive and my skin became itchy and blotchy. I would recommend it for dry skin, though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the product for a week. I can see how soft and hydrated my face show. Suggest this product. Especially in winter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using this product for over a week now and have seen some good things and some bad things with this product. Here's the good 1.) It made my skin feel smooth silky. 2.) It did re-hydrate my skin tighten it. Now here's the bad 1.) After a few days I noticed that my face started to feel greasy. 2) Due that greasiness even after washing my face twice a day I started to break out. I'm not sure this is a product that I would buy on a normal basis to my skincare routine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm torn on this review! On the one hand, it has some outstanding positives to recommend it. 1) Ah, the feeling of this cream! Thick, cushiony and luxurious without being at all greasy or sticky. A+ for texture. 2) It truly feels soothing and moisturizing on my dehydrated winter skin. I think it actually makes me look less dry and dehydrated and plumps out fine lines. And 3) it wears beautifully under sunscreen or makeup. So--bravo for all that! But the more practical, analytical side of me knows this has some serious downfalls, too. 1) Jar packaging. So convenient, especially for a thicker, lovely-feeling cream like this, but the minute products are exposed to air, any beneficial ingredients lose their efficacy, so there's that. 2) It's a heavy, bulky jar, so not travel-friendly exactly. 3) Fragrance. (It's not unpleasant smelling, but fragrance can be irritating, especially near eyes, so for me, that's a detractor and has no benefit to my skin care.) Lastly, it makes some big, unrealistic claims to repair wrinkles, re-firm and re-densify skin. No cream can do that! But given the jar packaging and fragrance, it's even less likely. (Left to Right in the photo: Revitalift Concentrated Facial Serum, Revitalift Triple Power Day Lotion Moisturizer, and on the far right, near my thumb--the thickest, most cushiony cream of the 3 products I tested, Revitalift Deep-Acting Moisturizer.) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer daily for 2 weeks in conjunction with L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20 and my skin seemed very smooth at first, but after the first week I had some acne appearing. I used each product by itself and think the culprit was the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. I have normal to dry skin and don't break out often, so I was a little bummed out that this product seemed to have that kind of reaction to my skin, almost making it too moist. I rated it at 3 stars because, while it didn't seem to work long term for me, the immediate results after a day of use were noticeable and positive. I liked the smell and consistency of the moisturizer and the packaging is very appealing in a ark shade of red. I don't have any wrinkles, so I can't speak for the wrinkle fighting power. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the feel of this it's not super thick or at all greasy. However, I've only used it a couple times. Mostly because I prefer a tinted moisturizer to even out my skin tone. If this came in a tinted version I would certainly continue to buy it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the L'Oreal Paris RivitaLift Triple Power Deep acting Facial Moisturizer. I used it every night and some mornings for just over 2 weeks so far. I like the light scent. It leaves a non-greasy feel. It absorbs great. I have not noticed a change in my skin as of today. I hope to see smoother and younger looking skin as I continue to use the products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this as a night cream because it was very thick and moisturizing - in a good away. It doesn't say it's just for night, but it's so thick and moisturizing it works well to leave on all night. I'm not sure how make-up would apply over it since it was a little on the heavy side and I didn't use it during the day. I had a some issues with breakouts when I used it so perhaps it was too thick of a formula for me personally, but if you have dry skin that isn't sensitive you will love it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This L'Oral RevitaLift Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer makes a lot of promises that, frankly, it doesn't keep. But then, if you're old enough to have wrinkles, you're probably sort of used to that from beauty products! When I used this product, I did feel like there was some improvement to my complexion, and I felt like I was taking better care of my skin then when I wasn't using anything. But I definitely didn't see the sort of dramatic decrease in wrinkles that the product claims. My neck MAYBE seemed a bit firmer and that's a good thing. I plan to keep using it - hope springs eternal and could have been better at following the daily regimen. There doesn't seem to be any real downside to continuing - no skin irritations, no smothering perfumey smell - or medicine smell - to annoy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Been using this product for 2 weeks... feels great on my skin. No breakouts and my skin doesn't feel oily. Not sure I see any reduction in wrinkles or dark spots however. I'll continue to use it though for now. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I had been looking to a good moisturizer that I could add to my routine before bed. I tried the L'Oral revitalift triple power deep acting facial moisturizer. When I first applied it to my freshly cleansed skin it felt heavy. Not what I expected to feel. After about a week using it my skin felt hydrated and smooth but it still felt pretty heavy. I didn't mind too much since I was only using it before bed. I did not care for the scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using this product for a few weeks, I definitely notice a difference in how soft my skin is. Drawbacks of this product are: first, it has a strong perfume smell, and second, it is quite thick and the excess doesn't absorb into your skin. First time I tried it, I applied it liberally and in the morning I could literally scrape it off with my fingernail. The next time, I applied only a small amount and got better results. This also means the product will last you a long time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tend to agree with other reviewers and would be happier if this were in a pump container. Dipping into a jar isn't my favorite and can lead to bacteria. That said, the lotion itself is deeply moisturizing as advertised. The scent is a bit heavy for my liking, but overall, I enjoy the fragrance. Coupled with the serum it kept my skin soft and glowing all day long - always a plus! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is fine, but i don't like it more than my normal moisturizer, from Olay. I'm not nuts about the scent or how this sits on my face. I have combo skin - i don't think this makes me look greasy, im just partial to the scent and consistency of my normal moisturizer. This doesn't sit under my makeup as nicely, either. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product since October 26th along with the Loreal concentrated triple power facial serum. I like the moisturizer better than the serum because it feels silkier and cooler on my skin and it leaves a slight tingle. In the time that I have been using the products I have not noticed any deeper lines and wrinkles diminishing but I have notices very slightly that some of the fine lines and wrinkles were reduced. I want to make sure that I give everything a fair chance so I will continue to use the products. It has not even been a month yet so perhaps there was not enough time yet to really notice a difference. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
L'Oreals revatalift Deep Acting Moisturizer looks great and smells fantastic. A small amount is enough to apply generously. For me, my facial skin is not dry enough for this product. I believe if you do have dry zones in your face, this would absolutely help with that. Upon applying it before bed, I could still feel it in the morning. The moisturizer has great staying power. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer made my skin smooth and soft. I did notice however that it only temporarily plumped wrinkles but soon they reappeared. I don't have many wrinkles however so this wasn't too much of a bother. It comes in a jar which is probably why this occurred as beneficial ingredients diminish once the jar is open. It feels luxurious on the skin and has a wonderful smell but again fragrance ingredients are known to cause irritation and the preservative methylisothiazolinone. It visibly brightened and smoothed my skin however it felt pretty heavy on my skin and left it somewhat shiny. It is best used lightly. It is great for all to use except for those with allergies to to fragrance or if you are looking to control sagging of the skin or lifting of contours. It is a nice skin moisturizer but it wan't much different from other moisturizers I've used in the past except for the wonderful smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Note: I've only used this product for two weeks, so there's a chance that continued usage would produce different results. The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer does an excellent job of adding long-lasting moisture to my skin - but I learned that a little of this product goes a *long* way. I honestly couldn't imagine using this as anything other than a night cream, as the formula is too heavy for my skin (sensitive/dry in the cooler months, sensitive/slightly oily during warmer months). When I began using the product, I applied too much on the first two days of usage - and noticed a slight outbreak of small pimples on areas of my skin which are naturally oilier than the rest. The outbreaks cleared, however, once I adjusted the amount of product I applied. Because such a small amount is needed for full facial coverage, I can see this product lasting a very long time. While its formula is rich, it still absorbed rather quickly (although I had to do a fair bit of massaging into my skin) and only left a slightly dewy appearance on my skin. The serum is lightly scented with a fragrance which is unlikely to be offensive to most users (it reminded me of a non-powdery/floral shampoo), and its scent quickly evaporated. The scent was almost identical to other products within the RevitaLift line. Its light scent was helpful considering that I only used this product before going to bed, and dislike having heavy fragrances lingering on my skin at that point. After several days of usage, I noticed that my skin was softer than usual upon awakening, and that problem spots for dryness (such as the area around my lips) were still somewhat moisturized after 8-10 hours. Given that I've experienced no adverse effects from using the moisturizer, I'm looking forward to finishing my current jar - and then re-evaluating my skin to see if enough improvements have occurred to warrant a new purchase. I can definitely see my using this as a winter night cream - especially on my dcolletage. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I feel a difference, less fine lines. It doesn't absorb all the way, I can feel it when I touch it. I would probably buy it if it's not too expensive. I have only used it a few days. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So far I think that I have a favorable opinion of the L'Oreal Revitalift products. But I honestly don't think I've had enough time to try then talk. Things I like about the product Containers are easy to use, not messy. Products have a lovely scent. All three products: L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer (1.7 oz) L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment (1.0 oz) L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20 (1.7 oz) have a beautiful feel when applying. I really like that there is no residual and/or oily feeling. The only negative (not even sure it's a negative because I'm not sure if it's because I've only had a short period of time to try) I have is that after applying my skin seems to be peeling a bit. I'm not sure if this is because it is exfoliating the dead skin or an adverse reaction to the products. It has no other side affects, so I've continued to use. So far I haven't seen a reduction in wrinkles. I do feel that my skin feels and looks smoother. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this after applying the triple power concentrated serum treatment. I only use this moisturizer at night. I found that no matter how lightly I apply the product, it seems to flake on my skin. Nonetheless, the cream feels very moisturizing and luxurious. It does have a perfumed scent that takes some getting used to. I do like that my skin feels soft and hydrated using this moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The pros of this facial moisturizer: it really does make my skin look healthy the next morning, and it doesn't cause any adverse reactions to my very sensitive skin. The cons: it is very heavy, which makes me worry that I'm clogging my pores (I may fall in love with it over the winter when my skin gets so dry it starts to chap), and the scent is not very pleasant and it sticks with you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Again, a nice L'Oreal face product. Non-greasy, absorbs well into the skin. I just wish they would do away with the strong smell. Make it more fresh or no-odor. I've been an Olay user for many years and I found this to be fairly comparable. I have fairly sensitive skin and I had no adverse reaction to using it. No additional breakouts or redness. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that L'Oreal Paris's RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is super thick! I mean it totally moisturizes. I felt like it worked in to my skin easily. But I only felt comfortable putting this on at night because it is a thicker cream. After one application of rubbing it in all over my face and neck as prescribed, I woke up the next morning with quite a few zits along my jaw line... where I don't normally get break outs. Now I could have just not worked it in well enough... But I am leary since I don't want to have to worry about acne. So I will have to keep testing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just received the LOreal Paris deep acting facial moisturizer and was pleased to see a full jar. The deep red packaging and fine print might not entice a busy consumer to read what the product does. The jar itself looks like a high quality product with its shiny silvery squared top. However, I personally found it easy to open but closing it evenly was a little more difficult to get the top on straight. The product is very creamy and has a slight odor which lingered on the skin for about 15 minutes before I put my make-up on.The ointment goes on easily and does not require a large amount to be applied. I look forward to seeing how my skin appears after a few days use. I wish they would have sent the eye cream as well for testing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This lovely moisturizer works well after cleansing my face, and I massage it in...but after I apply it, it rolls off my face when I apply makeup base, as if it is part of the process of wearing the moisturizer. This ends up causing me to appear to have a skin condition or dandruff when, in truth, I only have plain dry skin. LOVE the product! But is this reaction normal Thanks for any tips.
This cream has pros and cons. Pros - it has a nice consistency, a pleasant smell, and sinks right into skin. Cons - it does not contain SPF, which is a big thing to someone like me with fair skin. It doesn't make my skin look/feel oily, which is nice. But because it lacks SPF, I still have to put an SPF cream/moisturizer over it. Perhaps there will be an SPF version in the future Fingers crossed - would buy that version for sure. This product was provided to me for testing purposes by Influenster. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the feel of this. However, as the day's gone on I've noticed if I rub my cheek (no makeup Sunday) it's rolling off. I use it over the serum, and let that set for several minutes. I'll give it a try for a few days, maybe use much much less. If not, I guess it'll just be the serum for me
Trying the sample, and I love the way to feels. Too soon to report back on results, just yet. Only 3 stars due to the fragrance. Too overpowering... fragrance on the face is just ridiculous.
Locks moisture in, which is great in the bitter, dry, cold of Chicago!
To my diasppointment i had to stop using this product after 3 days.I have mature skin and it seems the skin on my face lost all moisture.From October thu may my forehead,nose,and chin are extremely dry and senitive, so when i did use this although if felt great the first 2 days i started to noticed the dry parts were getting worse.By the third day my skin was so itchy and red i couldn't wash nor touch my face. I do plan on trying this again once the whether gets warmer.
Received 5 one-use samples and I prefer using skincare for a minimum of 10 days (preferably 14) before reviewing. I don't really have wrinkles, so I can't attest to those results but for firming/redensifying, it works well. Moisturizer feels too dry which I find in many firming/redensifying products. Needed to use an oil (argan) underneath to keep my skin hydrated. Also, as with most L'Oreal/Lancome products, the fragrance is too perfumey for my tastes.
Although I do like the consistancy of the cream and the way it goes on....it has done nothing in reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles on MY face. I don't know that there is ANYTHING out there that can help me... as far as a Product is concerned. I DO like the moisturizing quality of the cream and will most likely continue using it as the skin on my face has become extremely dry with age and menopause!!
I really loved how my skin stayed moist but I don't like the smell of it on my face. I wish it smelled better!
I have only been using the product 2 times a day for 3 weeks, i don't see enoguh hydration. I do see a smoothness, i don't see any more density or firmness, but i do think its to soon to tell.
Good coverage sorry did not see a big diff in 5 days like claim says.
I love the feel of this. However, as the day's gone on I've noticed if I rub my cheek (no makeup Sunday) it's rolling off. I use it over the serum, and let that set for several minutes. I'll give it a try for a few days, maybe use much much less. If not, I guess it'll just be the serum for me
Good coverage; sorry did not see a big diff in 5 days like claim says.
Although I do like the consistancy of the cream and the way it goes on....it has done nothing in reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles on MY face. I don't know that there is ANYTHING "out" there that can help me... as far as a Product is concerned. I DO like the moisturizing quality of the cream and will most likely continue using it as the skin on my face has become extremely dry with age and menopause!!
Trying the sample, and I love the way to feels. Too soon to report back on results, just yet. Only 3 stars due to the fragrance. Too overpowering... fragrance on the face is just ridiculous.
We were hoping for a dense classic corn bread but this came out very light and airy.. It was ok but we wouldn't buy it again. Some people might prefer this corn bread but it wasn't what we were looking for.
I don't know how long to let it sit. Don't know how much to use
I don't know how long to let it sit. Don't know how much to use
They work great at cleaning the corners but they wear out fast and get gunk tied up all around them. I would buy again but they are too expensive
I struggled to come up with something positive when reviewing these folders. When looking at the durability, in comparison to others I have, they are flimsier and do not appear as if they are as durable. Time will definitely tell. The great thing about them however is the price I paid and the fact that they are brightly colored. In my filing cabinet, I am sure these will definitely stand out among the drab green I mostly have.
This is a starter set that can definitely help you keep documents organized. There's nothing spectacular or specialized about them, but they'll get the job done. I will say this is the first I've heard from SMEAD and do believe they're a company we'd purchase products from again.
These arrived on time and are as expected
love it
For the first time ever, my purchase of Hormel Black label bacon was slightly disappointing. It felt like lower quality cuts. Un even and a bit too chewy even when cooked longer. It was odd. Still better than budget bacon but not as good as usual.
This had a good taste but tore apart when removing from pkg
The pros are that it was very simple to use,perfect for very delicate fabric/material, does a good job for stain removal. The cons are that the smell may be a bit overwhelming at times and can cause reaction to sensitive skin. It does the job for specific fabric and clothing but it does have a minimal downside. I did receive this product for free in exchange for a review.
what can i say, it doesn't freeze like plain what will

This bar sounded so good however it was a big let down. Had it not said pretzel on label I wouldn't have known it waist there.
I too replaced all of my old stuff with these. I purchased two large sets and threw my old stuff away. I am so sorry I did. It has only been a few months and the lids are not snapping any more. I am so upset!
I've been using the mist for a couple of weeks now, and while I like the fragrance, I can't tell if it's made any difference to my hair yet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I went in search of the nexxus pro-mend heat protection styling spray. I was given a gold bottle to try while in Chicago. I loved it! I actually used it only on special occasions because it worked so great. My hair always looked great after using it. The search now looks like a bust! No one has it and so I looked on-line to order, only to find and read your reviews of the new product. I am really disappointed to find you have changed it and the new doesn't sound that great. The search will continue but sometimes the original just can't get any better.
I will continue to use this until it's gone, but I won't purchase. It smells incredible! After using my flat iron, my hair looks glossy and healthy, but it feels dry/brittle compared to air drying. It doesn't leave my hair feeling greasy or heavy at all. I am impressed with the look, but I like my hair to feel soft. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try this heat protectant because I use heat often and wanted to protect my hair. However, when using this, I cannot really see the difference between this and my Tressme heat protectant and that one is cheaper. However, it did leave my hair feeling very soft and smelling great.
I'm not sure this product actually made a difference in my hair. It smelled great but I did not notice any difference in the look of the ends of my hair. I do have some split ends and it still looked the same even after using the mist. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was lucky enough to receive a free sample of this product in order to review it in return. I am a person with very fair and dry skin so I am constantly trying to find a product that will provide continually long lasting moisture to my skin. PROS: When it says intensive moisturizing cream it is not lying! After just three days of applying the lotion to my feet, cracks and roughness were almost completely eliminated. I also found it was great for applying to my legs right after I shaved as it left them feeling soft and smooth for hours at a time. CONS: The main issue I have with the lotion is the size. While it would be a good travel size, I want one that can also be kept at home for everyday use. Unfortunately there does not seem to be a larger size offered for the intensive moisturizing line, which I found to be very disappointing. PRICE: I found the price to be a little more then I would want to pay for only a 3oz bottle of lotion. Especially because it is a product that I would like to use on a daily basis, which would mean I would need to purchase a new one almost once a week. However, considering it's effectiveness, and the prices of similar products it is not too unreasonable. Overall I really enjoyed using the product but would be much more willingly to recommend it to others if it were either offered in larger quantities, or offered at a slightly lowered price
Not nearly as thick or moisturizing as expected. Save your money and get the cream in the tub instead.
I was lucky enough to receive a free sample of this product in order to review it in return. I am a person with very fair and dry skin so I am constantly trying to find a product that will provide continually long lasting moisture to my skin. PROS: When it says intensive moisturizing cream it is not lying! After just three days of applying the lotion to my feet, cracks and roughness were almost completely eliminated. I also found it was great for applying to my legs right after I shaved as it left them feeling soft and smooth for hours at a time. CONS: The main issue I have with the lotion is the size. While it would be a good travel size, I want one that can also be kept at home for everyday use. Unfortunately there does not seem to be a larger size offered for the intensive moisturizing line, which I found to be very disappointing. PRICE: I found the price to be a little more then I would want to pay for only a 3oz bottle of lotion. Especially because it is a product that I would like to use on a daily basis, which would mean I would need to purchase a new one almost once a week. However, considering it's effectiveness, and the prices of similar products it is not too unreasonable. Overall I really enjoyed using the product but would be much more willingly to recommend it to others if it were either offered in larger quantities, or offered at a slightly lowered price
These aren't really as extra creamy as I would have thought. They do the job, though. I don't notice a lot of vanilla flavor either, but they do help lighten my coffee. I'll stick with refrigerated creamer from now on.
The item would have worked fine had it not arrived in such poor condition I received this item in the same packaging with the 4 bottles of febreeze refills I ordered which are each 1 quart. Whomever packaged these items together gave no thought that such a fragile item would be crushed. I received the Coffee creamer with the content inside leaking all over. I will be returning adap
The best part about this product is that you don't have to worry about it for a long length of time-it lasts for around 80 minutes per application. I was hoping it would have a more lotion like feel to it but it was rather harsh. My wife and I did not care for the smell of it-which is a big issue for me because that is the first thing I test with any of these new products is the smell-the stronger the smell the better that I like it. Also the price was high for the amount that you were given.Not a terrible product but nothing to write home about.
The word moisturizer seems a bit misleading here. While I absolutely love Juice Beauty (I use their face-wash, eye creme, moisturizer, everything!), this is a rare miss (for me). It is WAY too thick and awkward. I am hyper-vigilant about applying sunscreen before a run or a bike-ride. I've used more brands than I can even catalog. Nonetheless, this would come somewhere around the lower-middle of the list for its messiness, difficulty of application, and odor. Likewise, the bottle is pretty small. So, if you are like me and apply this to your arms, legs, and face, you may find yourself being a little disappointed at how quickly the tube disappears.The organic/natural angle had me hopeful. We have been very focused on organic/natural health and beauty products for the last two years. But, this one did not quite make the grade.Still a Juice Beauty fan though!
As I write this in November in the Midwest, I can't really speak to the sunscreen performance of this Juice Beauty SPF 30 Sport Sunscreen. I'll take the manufacturer at their word that it will perform as an SPF 30 protectant.Claims, including reviewers ravings, of wonderful organic fundamentals notwithstanding . . . the product derives it sun screening protection from good old zinc oxide (20), just like nearly all the other sunscreen creams, lotions, and sprays. The organic/mineral/natural marketing milieu regards only the carrier crme which likely does have beneficial moisturizing and rejuvenating properties. The tube indicates that this is Certified Organic.How do I like it As I said, I assume it does provide SPF 30 protection. The 3.75 oz tube is a convenient take along size which I prefer to the harder to carrier jumbo tubes and bottles offered elsewhere. Directions advise to shake before using. Do that.The crme is skin toned (Caucasian anyway). Helps prevent that white look, but can also stain white clothing. Odor is interesting. Not that familiar coconut tropical odor you get poolside on the cruise ship (which I like, by the way). This is more an earthy scent with a hint of citrus. Not disagreeable, but very different from the herd.I don't care for the texture of the residue after application. It feels like a powder which was suspended in grease. It hangs around -- not powdery, not greasy . . . or maybe it's both. Either way, it's annoying and seems to not want to go away. On the upside, it does indeed seem to moisturize and nourish the skin. And it does not wash off easily.In summary, an effective zinc oxide sunscreen that is different from the pack. Organic ingredients. Earthy scent. Annoying texture. Moisturizes effectively.
I can't say how well this works - I haven't gotten burned when using it, but I have no scientific basis to say that it is really water resistant for 80 minutes. I can say that I don't like the smell (it smells like clay to me) and it doesn't rub in easily. That may be a plus for some as you can easily see where it has been applied, but I don't like having to rub and rub until I no longer have the white coating. I will not buy more.
This is some kind of sunscreen/moisturizer hybrid from Juice Beauty.The scent's nice and doesn't linger. Product is thick and goes on OK. It's just for the price, you really good do a lot better!
I had different expectations for Juice Beauty SPF 30 Sport Moisturizer that what it turned out to be. II was expecting something like cera ve, perfect to renew swimmers' skin from the ravages of chlorine. Instead it is a high end sunscreen which does provide a good barrier to the water for about an hour or so. For me as a facial sunscreen it is just too thick, and I do prefer a spray for my body. Your needs may be different, and if you need a rich, waterproof, pleasant smelling zinc oxide based cream this could work for you
The product works well and seems to be reasonably waterproof. However the sunscreen is tinted light beige (I imagine to hide the white look most organic sunscreens produce). This was not included in the product description and stains on white colored clothing.
First off, when I requested this from Vine I thought it was a facial moisturizer, which is not its intended purpose. I have tried it on the face for when I'm feeling winter-dry flaky skin and it does work well, but the product is very thick and you'd have to wait some time for it all to sink in before applying makeup. As a night cream Again might work, but the scent is so strong I wouldn't be able to apply it and stick my head right into a pillow and smelling it all night. Yes, the scent does dissipate, but not immediately.As a body moisturizer I liked it a lot, despite the thickness of the cream (apply lightly and then add more if you like). It does help with the winter-dry flakiness, and right after applying I could pour water on my skin and it repelled it - a good thing for those out in the great outdoors. As for the sunscreen aspects It's November in Seattle and we've not much sunshine these days, so I can't test it or comment on that aspect of the product at this time.All in all a good moisturizer, except for the strong scent. I am sensitive to perfumes and aftershaves and other strongly scented things, so that is a deal-breaker for me and thus the lower rating. Your mileage may vary.
Not that the movie stunk or anything, it's just that I was under the impression it was much funnier than that. Do not get me wrong here, it was funny - but not THAT funny. It wasn't what I expected but I still have fun when ever I watch it and the special features are nice. Gotta love them blooper reels though! In my opinion, I can't really say whether or not I'd recommend this one I'd say it was more of your own decision type of thing....
smells great and is a moisturizing agent. it's helping with baby's cradle cap on her forehead. however it's NOT helping the eczema on my toddler. at all. :'(
Loved the first purchase- this one was gritty but still worked.
Tried on my year and half granddaughter has bad eczema on her face and arms it may have soothed it hard to say but still very visible
Not too bad. Although I would prefer softer brush.
The amount of liner that comes out with each stroke works perfectly for filling in eyebrows. Eyeliner is a different story. And it doesn't last long, the brush started to dry out and I only bought it a few weeks ago.
Campy horror. Silly but worth the price of admission.
5 short stories.. Both scary and funny. Good add to the collection.
Creepshow is a solid compilation of a handful of Stephen King short stories loosely tied together, and overall it works pretty well. The transfer to Blu-Ray looks fine, it's just too bad there really aren't any bonus features to speak of.
A collaboration between horror masters Stephen King and George Romero, this is a collection of short films that mix horror, humor and even a dose of camp. It's an entertaining cocktail with some shorts being far more memorable than others (the one about a neat freak that suffers a massive cockroach infestation will make your skin crawl) but as a package it's sufficiently entertaining. The transfer is not the best and there is little else on the disc but for the price, horror fans should not pass this one by.
Creepshow has its moments but it's ultimately, a mixed bag.
Creepshow has a loyal cult following -- I mostly like it for the humor. And it's a better horror movie than most of the horror dreck that's hit theatres since 2000!
This is a fun collection of 4 short films in the horror/comedy genre. Stephen King and George Romero are involved with it so you can't go wrong.
Considering there are no special features, the price is right. But really, it's a good horror comedy. They don't make them like this anymore.
I absolutely love Creepshow and it's homage to horror comics from the 40's and 50's. This movie has cool stylized segments to mimic the comic book format. This movie is by no means scary but, a fun anthology film with horror themes with it's younger firmly placed in its cheek. The sound and transfer are surprisingly good and mica the texture of film quite well. There are scratches in the print here and there but, this is the best version of Creepshow you can buy at the time of the reveiw. This disc is great based on the film and the transfer alone but, gets points taken off for not having bonus features. When are we going to finally get a Creepshow release with bonus features!?! With Steven King,George Romero and Tom Savini behind the wheel surly they could get something out of this. This film deserves better treatment but, I am happy I got a great version of one of my favorite films.
Silly creepy would be more like it. Not terrible though. 3.5 stars
Bare bones release is a bit disappointing but is nice to see in HD
I'm a huge fan of these types of stories as told by some of the greatest Horror movie authors.Including some well known actors from that generation,even my nieces enjoyed the stories before Halloween this year.
if you grew up when this came out, or are a younger horror fan, you'll love the nostalgic nonsense. for the curious, wait til you can view on your favorite streaming service (sorry best buy and amazon). if you don't mind gambling with your $5-$10 then pick it up for hilarious 'thrill ride'.
They don't make movie like this anymore. Although some segments are stronger than others, overall, it is still satisfying. The blu Ray quality could be better but it's definitely an improvement over the dvd.
So this would be a 5 star release if it only included 2 of the 4 stories told in this movie. "Something to Tide You Over" featuring Leslie Nielsen and Ted Danson and "They're Creeping Up On You" featuring E.G. Marshall are two stellar pieces of entertainment and worth every penny. They've aged well and still are as entertaining as ever. The other two segment are rather cheesy and have not aged as well. Blu-Ray quality is pretty good for a low budget release from the early 80's.
smells like a typical shampoo or body wash. i like mine to have a unique smell to it, which is y i returned it other than that it's pretty close to doing the same job as the Neutrogena body wash :)
These are cute little lamps - little is the apt word. Had to return for lamps large enough for my night stands. Nice lamps, just way to small for where I needed them - and IMHO - overpriced for what you got. Returned to store without issue. Purchased larger ones and shades for considerably less than these.
takes a little longer than normal to get nail polish off. Sometimes its easier to just peel it off yourself. It does moisturize the nails which is nice.
Average product. The only way to truly remove Suncoat nailcolors is to use this remover... soak a cotton pad and lay it on the nail for a minute, then rub it on the nail a bit, then use an orange stick to push the polish off, then use more remover to get the last bit. Takes about two cotton pads per hand if you used a darker color polish, and this stuff is very oily so don't touch anything until you've thoroughly washed your hands afterwards or you'll leave a residue on anything you touch. Takes about 2 minutes per nail to remove polish (2-3 coats color and 1-2 coats topcoat), so it's 20 minutes total to remove the polish. I wanted to be more eco-friendly, but this isn't very user-friendly, so I'll not use it very often.
Definitely holds your hair in place no matter what the weather conditions so it does what it promised, however this hairspray tends to be on the hard/sticky side of things. If you have thicker hair I imagine you might have better luck, but those with thin/fine hair like mine might find that it gives them helmet hair. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Love this hairspray . Make sure spray cap stays on though
I don't want to give this a bad review because they were sooooo delicious and soft but I cannot give it a good review either because they were so sweet. I bought these on sale and had to give most of them away to kids because they were way to sweet. I love to eat and I love cookies but dear Lord, these are like sweet suicide in a bag. It is like they put more sugar in there than flour. It was like 70 sugar and the rest is all the other ingredients. If you have average weight/skinny kids who will burn the calories quickly, this would be a good buy because they are absolutely delicious and super soft. My conscience would not allow me to eat these because they were so sweet I thought I was going to gain 50 Lbs by the time I was through with 10 of these. My God!
I loved these as a kid. Definitely not the same recipe as these seemed crumbly with a strange aftertaste. These almost seemed stale. I ended up giving them away.
I've only been using it for a few days and it's hard to notice any difference. The Gobi Desert rolls on inside my morning mouth endlessly, however the more marked symptoms -- the senseless tongue like a foreign object in the mouth -- hasn't happened so far. All I can say is that it may work. If the difference becomes more noticeable I'll edit this comment.
I agree with the other people, please bring back old formula. It lasted much longer. The new one is too thin and disappears in about an hour, so have to reapply during the night. It still helps from drinking water all night long. It is much better than your spray.
I like Biotene tooth paste for dry mouth! My biggest complaint is that Biotene makes very little lather. I have to mix it with other tooth pastes to make it like other pastes. I have dentures, and after they have been in a soaking solution each night, I use the excess tooth paste from my mouth to brush off the soaking solution chemicals and taste! No lather remaining!!! The other complaint is that you only produce one flavor. Mix it up with something other than just mint!
I used Biotene toothpaste exclusively for many years. Then they changed the product by adding sodium saccharin, which leaves a terrible aftertaste. The new product says New improved PH balance in red on it, and I no longer buy it. actually, all toothpaste has saccharin in it! I found some old stock and bought them out and it was good again, but gone again.
I couldn't come up with sanitary way to apply gel from tube to tongue without contaminating tip of tube, Instructions say, Place a half inch directly on tongue and spread... Putting from tube to tongue directly would transfer germs to tube tip the very first time you use it. If you wash your hands really, really well, and then apply, that might work, but it is not always convenient to do so. I wish I had purchased spray instead of tube of gel.
using the Gel did not improve my dry mouth symptoms as much as I hoped it would - fyi - I am also using other dental care products that are specifically for dry mouth
This product is great in general but I agree with the other reviewer that the old formula was better. I also have been noticing an upset stomach that may or may not be related to the new formula.
I thought this product was ok! I took a lot of it to make my mouth wet and to stay wet for a period of time!!! I suffer from chronic dry mouth and feel like i get better results from chewing regular gum than this product!
Biotene dry mouth oral balance gel does add moisture to the mouth which definitely helps fight dry mouth. It does have a glucose type taste, which is rather sweet. I think maybe minty would be better. But it does do the job of adding moisture to dr mouth
I've struggled with dry mouth overnight for a while now. This gel came and I had high hopes. It works, briefly. It doesn't last very long. I think the flavor it's ok. But the texture and lasting power are disappointing. I'm still waking up with painfully dry mouth.
I tried BioTene dry mouth gel today. First off the taste isn't great. It's very mediciney. Beyond that it goes on easy. I put a dab on my tongue and worked it around the inside of my mouth. It seemed to do the trick and my mouth was not dry, however the feeling didn't last long. I'd say within 10 minutes I was dry again but now dry and tacky. I think that is worse. I'm not impressed with this but will continue for the next week and see how it goes.
I started a medication recently that includes dry mouth as a side effect. Not really sure how to solve this problem, since I have never experienced it before, I jumped on the chance to try Biotene gel. I have heard of Biotene's line of products, and this one seemed simple enough for a newbie to use! I applied a drop of the gel to my tongue as the directions suggested, swirled it around in my mouth, and immediately had to suppress the urge to retch! The flavor itself was good, but the texture of the gel and having to use my saliva to break it up somewhat to help it spread around my mouth was not a pleasant process for me. I would say efficacy-wise it was on target...my symptoms were relieved for several hours after, however I don't believe I will use this product again due to the gel texture.
This product is advertised to help alleviate symptoms wherever you are for up to 4 hours...Unfortunately I haven't come anywhere close to that length of relief. I'd say the symptoms are relived for maybe 1 1/2 to 2 hours. Now I have only been using the product for about two weeks, so maybe I haven't waited long enough. The taste and texture are pleasant- it reminds me of children's toothpaste, but not at all chalky. This is a good product and I think it would be beneficial, I just think the expectations need to be lowered just a bit.
Not as good as the original mask movie. Still worth watching.
This is a two pack DVD. The first film with Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz is the best! But the second film isn't even worth the time, horrible straight to DVD sequel. I would have rated it higher, but the second film was so bad! Great buy no matter what for the price!
I've tried Nyx's automatic lip liners, and I've got to say I prefer them over these. Those glide on smoothly with full pigment. The slim lip pencils on the other hand take quite a bit of work to get the color onto lips as it's relatively hard. The plus side is that this makes them easy to sharpen, and in some cases may make precision lining more easy than if it was creamier. Some lip pencils can be used alone, but the effect these give should be supplemented with gloss or lipstick on top.
I love all NYX makeup and I love these pencils but every time I try to sharpen Mine I ruin them. Do anyone have a tricks to sharpens without ruining the pencil
After reading the raves on this product, I thought I'd buy it to wear under my new orange butter lipstick. So not thrilled. It's lipliner. It's not particularly fun to put on and kind of drags the skin. It lasted longer than the lipstick, but only just.
Average staying power. The color is very brilliant and bright. I have better luck googling swatches and seeing them on skin than looking at the colors on the nyx site. Price can't be beat!
This product does a nice job, but I believe the cooling menthol does it even better. I wish that product wasn't discontinued. I can't find it anywhere. I have extremely sensitive skin so the cooling menthol did the job. I appreciate the new ezcema brand but i still would like to see like to some thing more with cooling menthol. Thank you.
I'm prone to allergic rashes and poison ivy and I buy different products to see what works best. This doesn't work much for me for the rashes or poison ivy. sorry, but I can't recommend this to anyone else.
Coverage could be better and last longer. Seems to wash out quickly. Also, there is not enough product with the autostop version. It is quick and easy to use. Sometimes I have to save a little in case I need to reapply to places I may have missed.
Smart littleness set of headphones. Magnets answer and hang up and once you get the hang of them they are good.
i tried these with my S8 and while they fit fairly well, they were lacking in good rich quality sound. you can download the samsung level app, but that did not improve quality. i like rich bass and some loud music, if you adjust the bass the sound drops. i decided on the Sony extra bass in ear bt50 to get what i needed
The sound quality is good however they do stay charged as lomg as a less expensive pair I purchased.
Not loud enough if in noisy areas. Needs more bass.
Was great for music but when used for phone calls, the person on other side couldn't hear me.
They work well for the price. They're well made. They're comfortable!
Love the headphone. Sound quality is great and the noise cancelation really works. I work around landscaping machinery and i love them. I wish they had a better microphone tho. People always have a problem hearing me. Battery life is great. Love the app too.
Let me start off by saying i like samsung products, so it pains me to say i dont really care for the headphone so much not worth the price paid.. even with all the ear piece sizes it still dont fit my ears.. i had 50$ headphones out perform this one. So if you want a good pair of headphones keep looking..
Had the LG Tone and bought these once those broke. The sound ok but I wish the earbuds were retractable
They work well. The sound quality is good. I wish that they fit a bit more snugly around the neck and that the wire was retractable. I'd prefer that to having the magnetized effect between the earpieces.
Sound is great but people can't hear you when talking
I liked the headphones but did not like the fact that when a call came in, the slightest movement of one of the earpieces caused you to answer the call. Did like the noise cancellation.
Compared with other headphones, this didn't meet the sound quality I expected.
Great sound quality. Buttons a little tricky if you have large fingers. I would like to have it fold so I can put it in my bag easier. Overall good sturdy material.
I don't use it enough to have to keep it recharged. A standard ear bud set is more to my needs.. A nice unit otherwise.
Still looking for a headphone that has great sound and great conversation clarity. These did not win. People on the other end could not hear me that well.
The headset is good for listening to music but it's not the best for voice conversations. Had several people tell me they had a hard time hearing me.
I liked the sleek design, and the earbuds secure in your ears nicely. My issue is that the sound quality is very basic, and there's no evidence that they are "noise canceling". I went on a bike ride on a really windy day while wearing these, and i could barely hear the music with the volume turned completely up. If you are using them in a silent room, they are tolerable.
The sound quality when listening to media (music, video, etc.), noise canceling is decent, audit is over comfortable. However the phone call quality is poor, and the quality of the hardware, which at first seemed nice, ended up breaking at one of the arms.
Sound was excellent, not very comfortable around neck and buttons were not conveniently placed, lg 810 headphones are much more user friendly with easier to use buttons.
a lot of people cant hear me. might be my s5 instead but its ths 2nd one like this in a week
Battery doesn't last more then 8 hours and when calling I would have to call people back cause they couldn't hear me
Work driving concrete trucks and was hoping the noise cancellation was a plus, but doesn't work that great
I wasn't satisfied with this product. It wasn't comfortable on my neck and my calls were not clear. I returned them.
Ok for music not good for phone calls quality. Not loud enough. Noise cancelling for phone calls not there.
Good headphone but there is a slight lag when watching youtube
My big complaint really is with the microphone. It isn't sensitive enough. My last set of Level U Pro was much better. I can't use it for phone calls.
Tried these headphones out for a couple of days before returning them, music quality was good but no one could ever hear me when I was using them to make calls. Eventually returned them.
I am a huge Samsung fan but every so often even they don't always make a hit. The design of these was not as comfortable as other around the neck headphones. The two ear pieces having to be attached to each other instead of connected to the neck piece when not in use is not a very good design. The sound was average not as impressive as I would have thought
Bought this to use daily for calling customers. People could not hear or understand me when using this headset. It was good for listening to music though.
These are ok headphones gear headphones are better by far
The sound quality is really nice, unfortunately I receive a lot of complaints when I take phone calls. People cannot hear me well and the quality isn't good at all.
I didn't like headphones hanging down they were magnetized to stay together I prefer retractable
We had to take back two pairs for the echoed. My bf loves them otherwise
These are great for music. But I kept getting people saying that I sounded muffled. I replaced them twice and got the same issue both times. I went back to my nose headphones
Musis sound is perfect.....phone conversations not so clear.
Just needs a few things to make worth purchasing. Fits good around neck . Not so good in ears. Need strong magnet to hold to neck peice. Rang suxs sound is great. Person on other end of a call can't hear me worth a darn . Every single caller said I sounded like it was in my pocket. I had the mic right infront of mouth to . Very frustraghting . I know it's posible to put a good mic in there . Has to be . Taking both pair back tomorrow.
I had mixed results, at times it worked great, other times, I kept getting complaints that it sounded like I was in a barrel, or garbled, so I returned them.
Music sounds great. During phone calls people said the couldn't hear me. The unit had problems switching between an S7 and apple phone intermittently. The headset slips off my neck if I lean back and the earbuds catch on my seatbelt while getting out of the car. Inwnt back to the LG even though the music doesn't sound as good as this one. This is a good unit for someone who doesn't talk on the phone often.
Outa all the Bluetooth Headphones I've had like these, these had best noise canceling in background. Battery life wasn't good tho for listening to music through out day. 5hrs tops! LG hbs-1100 i get 11hrs easy. Plus there is nowhere to hook dangling earbudd when not in ears. They got cought on everything for me at work. Didn't care for them. Returned cause that and battery life was up and down.
I initially was very excited about this product but that was short-lived. After maybe less than two weeks the left side earbud went out and this is probably the first time I have thrown away my receipt and packaging for something I have bought.
It didn't really cancel the noise when I was listening to music
Good sound quality but don't work very well for phone calls
Good sound, great connectivity range, poor battery
not recommended for talking on the phone. not noise cancelling and when talking it sounds like you are in a bubble returned product
charging last long time if you remeber to turn it off. huge issue is i forget every time to turn off. headset doesmt gointo sleep mode or turn off automatically ..and for price it shouldnt have a switch like 29.00 headset do. should be auto off if its not in use.noice cancelling works great.
They was bought for my wife as she complains about them being too large for neck
These headphones are good for audio book's or music but not for talking on your phone wirelessly
Do not work great for phone calls. Sound quality for music ok.
These headphones are okay I think the only reason why I kept them is cuz I found them on Amazon for 39.99 and Best Buy matched it but the battery life is horrible and the volume isn't that great. But they do seem to stay in my ears while working out and I like that there water resistant.
The phone calls are hard to hear and somewhat distorted.
Headphones are ok for just listening, however if you will be working out don't pay. Broke one of speakers
Man, I really wanted to like these. They absolutely sound great. Especially if you have a Samsung phone. But :-( after less than an hour they hurt my ears. The design of the actual ear bud is not good. It doesn't really fit in the ear right. It's too big. The noise canceling only works if the outside sound is really loud.
The headphones were ok, but not what I wanted. People that spoke with said that I sounded distant. And the battery life is not that good.
I had the previous model, the one without ANC, so I already knew the good and the bad.I had to use clear Epoxy on the second week to cover a hole that appeared on the left earbud. I didn't want to waste time in exchanges and arguments.The repair worked great; hence, they are back in service.The one thing that surprised me is that you have to use the biggest rubber pads to really notice the ANC, kind of counterintuitive. Once I changed to them, wow!, the ANC is for real and the sound is as good as before: UHD. Of course, you'll still have the complaint of the low volume, but I knew that before hand.
It's ok, really just ok. I'm one of the biggest supporters of Samsung there is. My stove, refrigerator, washer, dryer, 3- TVs all Samsung. But honestly these headphones are not the best. I had a pair of LGs given to me before these. I loved the LGs. I work in the oilfield, so these things get really beat up but these seem to not be loud enough out of the box. I honestly can't hear music at all with any real background noise. When it's quiet these are awesome, but any real background sound will drown these out.
The design is light weight and comfortable. The sound is decent but would be nice if the volume went louder.
I found them to be well made and sturdy but a bit poorly designed.
Wasn't happy with the fact no one can hear me well but it is good for going to the gym
The headset broke and stop working. I returned to the store for a different one..
They are pretty cool, and I love some of the features but my main issues with these the reason why I didn't give these a 4 or 5 stars is because everyone complaining about not being able to hear me
I was pretty disappointed at the quality of this file, for the price. It is a very cute product, but the filing portion is made up of a heavy duty construction paper (i at least expected plastic) and the labeling is not removable, it's a sticker. So if you had to change the label you would have to put another on top of it... that's unattractive. And the space inside is a bit constrained, so it won't hold alot.
I should have looked at the reviews on retailer before purchasing this. The first 2 weeks were awesome, it worked perfectly no problems after that the time wasn't right. It appeared to stop. We replaced the battery, thinking it might have been anlame battery and reset it. The clock kept time for about a week and then lost about an hour a day. We kept trying to reset it, but the clock continued to keep bad time. I replaced the battery one last time, but still NOTHING!! I don't want to keep replacing this every 1-7 days!! It is very cute and adorable the colors are cute and it seems sturdy. HOWEVER it is a clock and it is its duty to KEEP time. So Alas it only gets 3 stars. I asked my husband to replace the clock, he did and it works perfectly however I purchased this as is. I don't think I should have to replace the most important part of this piece. Overall unless you wanna take a risk or wanna do some fixing, I don't recommend buying this.
I should have looked at the reviews on [retailer] before purchasing this. The first 2 weeks were awesome, it worked perfectly no problems after that the time wasn't right. It appeared to stop. We replaced the battery, thinking it might have been anlame battery and reset it. The clock kept time for about a week and then lost about an hour a day. We kept trying to reset it, but the clock continued to keep bad time. I replaced the battery one last time, but still NOTHING!! I don't want to keep replacing this every 1-7 days!! It is very cute and adorable the colors are cute and it seems sturdy. HOWEVER it is a clock and it is its duty to KEEP time. So Alas it only gets 3 stars. I asked my husband to replace the clock, he did and it works perfectly however I purchased this as is. I don't think I should have to replace the most important part of this piece. Overall unless you wanna take a risk or wanna do some fixing, I don't recommend buying this.
Was a gift. Broke on the way, quickly replaced
The dispenser looked nice but the glass was a lighter weight than I had hoped. The spigot was made to look like metal but was plastic and flimsy. Felt like it could easily be broken.
I like how it looks, I am using it for laundry soap not drinks. It drips a little even after the spout is closed.
I already own two of these and wanted a third for entertaining. Since they're no longer available in the stores, I ordered online. The first one had a broken lid so I returned it to the store and re-ordered. The second one had a broken jar/carafe but an intact lid, so I got smart and ordered a third one before returning the second one. Maybe I'll be able to put the pieces together to create one intact dispenser before I return the broken ones! Also just a note that the spigots are slightly different on the online version than the ones that were sold in the store. These are more square and the other spigot were rounded. Not a big deal unless you're trying to match them like I am.
Before openeing the package, I thought that maybe this was a dual sided disc. One side being Full Screen, and the flip side being Widescreen. This surely wasn't the case. The disc is based on a Full screen ratio. It would be nice for Walmart.com to proof read their description on items to make sure that they are accurate.
A fairly good movie...nothing to brag about...Quite differant...
Cleaned the rust and build up I'm my dish washing machine it like great......but it ruined my painted cups and glasses faded and stripped the design off my glasses use carefully
The product is great but the company doesn't fill the container and you are left with a little more than half the container full of product. This stuff is expensive and frankly, if they don't start filling the container, I'm going to start looking for another product
I like LemiShine but the price is ridiculous. I quit buying it.
the first time I used booster it left spots on the glasses had to wash again., the second load I didnt put as much in and it did OK.
I received a sample and it was okay,just isn't as good as my usual stuff.
Mrs. Smith's Original Flaky Crust Cherry Pie baked up with a nice Golden Brown Crust, but when you went to eat the pie, the crust was pretty tough. The filling in the pie was pretty bland and didn't have much flavoe.
This deodorant is very drying to the skin and prevents smell from occurring however, it irritated my eczema and caused me to have cracked and chapped skin. If you have dry skin, do not use this!!
It was fine but I want to try something else
This deodorant did its job, but something in the formulation irritated my armpits if I wore it on consecutive days. I received this product for free in exchange for my honest review This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was not a fan of the scent. It worked well but the fragrance was bothersome. I received this product free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It goes on smooth, the smell is over powering I feel like I'm musty as soon as I put it on because of the smell. Doesn't last long soon as I sweat you can smell the fragrance from the deodorant. I received this product for reviewing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I liked the smell of this product but it didn't provide the all day protection I was hoping for. Thanks influentster for allowing me to try this product for free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
works of but when you get to the last part the holder falls apart and you end up with the deodorant part on the floor.
I stopped buying Suave a long time ago because it barely lasted 4 hours. I received this product complimentary for testing purposes in exchange for my honest opinion. I wanted to test out the product to see if any changes had been made since the last time I used it. I'm sad to say it hasn't. I loved the baby powder scent, however, the deodorant did not last longer than 3-4 hours for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm not a huge fan of solid deodorants. And while this did keep me from smelling musty after being outside all day, I can't get over the left over white stuff under my arms. If you don't mind that then this will work fine for you. I'm keeping it as my back up. I was given this product free for testing purposes but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was happy to receive this complimentary from suave and Influenster for testing purposes and the opinions are all mine. I liked that it smells really good and thought it was going to be pretty strong but I found myself reapplying in the middle of the day when I usually don't have to with my Dove. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This was another free product. I gave it to my sister. I do like the smell and overall appearance. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this deorderant for some time. I was a regular user of lady speed stick untill they switched ingrediants and it stopped working for me. This brand deorderant is decent. It keeps me from being musty however it doesn't really keep me dry. I appreciate it for what it does. I say it works but just sucks at keeping me dry. It does leave white marks on clothes which can be annoying when wearing black but its easy to remove. I am happy with the scent and results it has given me (better than other brands). It also is a great price. I did recieve this product for testing purposes however all opinions are mine
It is ok. I sis not think it holds up for me as I work out a lot.
Let me start by saying this deodorant smells really good! The reason i gave it 3 stars is because it does not last 24 hours. I find myself needing to reapply at least 4 times because it sort of crumbles. I think it has to do something with the consistency it might be to light. Thanks Influenster and suave for my free products! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received a travel size of the Sauve 24 hour protection deodorant for free from influenster for testing reasons, I received it in my Sauve voxbox. My opinion on this deodorant is that it's just okay. I don't think it's quite 24 hour protection and I'm not too fond of the powder smell. I would also say it's not really invisible like it says, it kinda gets cakey. It's just alright for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Loved the scent. I was a bit hesitant to try it due to me always being used to wearing stronger deodorants. Then when I received this complimentary product for testing purposes I was a bit hesitant to try it. Then when I tried it it worked ok. I'm very self conscious about body sweat though. I'd love this product even more if they had an extra strength one.
Its great for bottom lashes and if you just want to darken the top lashes but it does not lengthen them at all ! Good for beginners though !
i love this mascara and the brush and how it makes my eyes look bigger BUT maybelline can you PLEASE make this mascara water proof
I used to love this mascara! Low priced, came in my color, and worked. Now it's always hit or miss as far as quality. I just bought a tube a couple weeks ago and within ONE WEEK it began clumping, like old mascara.
The brush is a step up from original Great Lash, of which I'm not a fan The formula is too wet for the brush it comes with so it almost pours onto lashes The formula works well with the One by One brush (sanitized) Drier form. would help this brush.
the title basically says it all. simple but effective.
The brush made it virtually impossible to reach my lower lashes, it made a huge mess. I don't like how it tapers down to a little plastic nub at the tip, not good for reaching out lashes. Formula was decent, no clumping, flaking, or smudging.
I love the brush on the wand because it gets just about every lash and doesn't clump. The thing I've noticed though, it smudges a lot if I get sweaty or if my skin gets oily. Other than that, I like it! It's really easy to take off too!
I think that this mascara is GREAT if you like the classic look. I am for more of a dark and lengthy look so it wasn't for me. I do recommend it for anyone that is going for the classy elegant but slightly casual everyday look.
I decided to try this mascara because it looked like it would work. It does work, but not much. There are a lot of clumps when you put it on and it doesn't really get the small lashes. I kind of like my lashes looking natural, but have length and it didn't really look natural. I like it, but not one of the best mascara's out there.
The second installment of this franchise doesnt do the orginal justice.
Original was much better but 3D raised rating a little.
" Not best sequel but one of better ones" it builds on ID4 universe with explanation on what aliens wanted to do with earth and also a third party race but way too much chi which is expected with any sci fi film this day a age.
Don't listen to the reviews. This was very enjoyable if you liked the first one!
This is ok as a one time view, but it is nowhere near as good as the first one. I felt bored during certain portions of the movie. Ok to pass some time.
well there are some special effects with 3d, the plot is the same
This sequel doesn't live up to the hype from the first movie yes it's a good story line but I feel like the director could have done a better job of making it more believable for the audience.
Although it has several original cast members the plot was not as great as the first movie.
Movie left me a little disappointed but visually this movie looks awesome in 4K
it was not as good as the first movie,it had decent Special Effects.
This movie had a lack of character development when compared with the original.
Well, the human race probably was getting ready and so the aliens but the producers, well....,I don't think so. Still the movie had its moments and the special effects are nice but I still thinks the producers decided to be ready after 18 years falling short of expectations. And Will Smith was a must here but maybe not enough to raise the stars to 4 or more.
Not as good as the first movie. But not as bad as I thought it would be.
The first Independence Day was a classic this was just another spin on it...with better special FX!
Not as good as the original; however, it was decent sequel. Moved rather quickly.
The quality of the picture, detail, and detail is very good. There is lots of action and a little romance. Many of the original cast have return rolls making a happy reunion. Everything is bigger starting with the special effects and weapons. The government is still full of blunders but fortunately the heroes are able to put up the good fight. In many ways, this is very much like the first movie. But here, we learn about a much bigger universe and what it holds for mankind. My review ends here so as not to give away to much. Happy viewing.
An okay movie, similar story as the first one. many of the same actors too which was neat to see 20 years later. Having Will Smith would have made it much better.
It was not as good as the first movie just average
The steel book package looks amazing . The movie is ok.
It was a fun movie. A good movie sequel for the home dvd market.
Movie was good the extras are good too ...........
this movie has lots of action and some humorous moments, I found it to be a bit boring at times as well.
Good movie. But not great the first was much better.They didnt have a liberal agenda in the 1st Independence day.
Wasn't nearly as good as the original. Too much going on at times. Plot seemed a little forced but I loved the return of most of the original actors.
Long wait for a followup but somewhat disappointing.
I actually liked this more than I thought I would. It's fun like the first adding to the goofiness.
I am a huge fan of the original Independence Day, so I was looking forward to a sequel after all these years. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed by this movie that failed at everything that was right about the original. Where were the likable characters, humor, and real world touches (news reports, etc.) that were done so well in the original? Coupled with poor editing, a lack of coherent time and location, and a very artificial blue screen atmosphere, Independence Day: Resurgence fails to recapture the awe of the original blockbuster.The audio and video on the 2D Blu-ray were excellent and it contains a good amount of bonus features. The best feature is the hour-long making-of documentary. Additionally there is a commentary, deleted scenes, and more. Overall, this is a great presentation of a not so great film.Nostalgia, great A/V, and plenty of bonus features are not enough to make Independence Day: Resurgence a worthy sequel. See this if you must, but it may just leave you wanting to watch the original once again.
This movie was definitely not the original. There was a lot to get used to in the beginning of the movie, with very little character development. But by the end, we were pretty decently into the movie.
The movie used a lot of the first cast, storyline was on the same theme of the first movie. The CG was seamless, color and sound quality was great.
The plot is good however it takes a strange far out turn and does hold your interest but nothing really unexpected
After 20 years, the aliens have come back. As big as this movie tries to be, then why did it feel so flat? It was good having most of the original cast return, but the newbies were extremely forgettable. The effects were great, but the story was lacking. Overall, it was another sequel dud... and I really wanted to say nicer things.
Not sure why this is hated on so much, maybe Ive just got my nostalgia glass on but I was entertained and didn't think it was any sillier then the first
But still entertaining. Lacked the heart of the first movie, but I'm a 3D junkie and really enjoyed the effects. Added depth made the overall experience much better.
Where's Will Smith? That's what I was asking the whole movie because it would've been better. Don't get me wrong, it was still a okay/good film with great special effects but it didn't give me the chills and awes the first film did. Let's hope this is the end of it. Aliens stay away!
It diid not live up to my expectations. I expected more, it followed the same line with much of the same cast...
It should have continued where it ended. And it should have had Will Smith in it. Thank you Best Buy for the Great Price, as always. The Movie, Can't Win Them All.
Movie is just O.K. but picture quality is amazing.
Resurgence is good but not nearly as good as the original. There just wasn't much new added to the story to make it as good as the first.
It's definitely not as good as the first. I found myself falling asleep the first time around
Loved the movie! More special effects. More History!
Love the look of this Steelbook, even though the movie can't compare to the first, but enjoyable enough.
This was a decent action flick though a little corny at times. Definitely not Will Smith caliber though.
I enjoyed the movie although it wasn't as good as the original. Special effects were better this time around.
Looks great in 4K but the movie itself is kind of stupid and boring.
This was a good movie, not great, not as well as the first, but still great action and effects.
Didn't see this in the theater. Boughtbit cause i liked the first one.
Movie wasn't the greatest but the packaging and the extras are great
Not bad, but a let down from the 1st. I thought the 1st one was the best ---- also what happens when original cast is not used.
Really missed Will Smith but it was better than I thought it was going to be. Okay acting, action was good
The 1st movie was a iconic masterpiece of film history. The storyline was great, the comedy was great, the characters were great, etc...Now this sequel is nothing of the above...It takes place in the future, which right off the bat makes you want to turn it off...but i forcefully watched the entire film. They kill off some great characters from the 1st film which is plain horrible storytelling and the storyline is weak if not fair...The battle scenes are about the only thing worth making this movie watchable...
This was an OK movie, and an interesting chapter in this story. This part of the story takes place several years after the end of the first, and follows the children of a couple of the big names from the first. It has space, ships, bad guys, and lots of stuff blowing up. It was a good summer movie.
Excellent steel book but the story line is just ok. Without Will Smith, the movie is not that great. Not sure I would recommend this one.
Another unnecessary sequel but still worth renting especially if you were a fan of the original as most of the cast from 20 years ago returns in some sort of role
Got the 3D version and was good in that format. The movie is definitely for video or rental. Entertaining but likely only good for 1-2 viewings
It's your standard sci fi action movie. good effects. summertime popcorn movie
This movie was not as good as the first Independence day movie.
ok for a movie, not as good as the first one but it's trys
The 4k Blu-ray dont have a good quality picture, much noise like the old movies turned to 4K, like old Ghostbusters movies.
A good home theater experience. The graphics and action sequences were good.
As with a lot of sequels, it's not as good as the original. Unlike the original that had excellent paced character development that made you love every character, this movie was more about the action. Some of the new characters are very likable; others....not so much. The special effects are excellent. Overall, enjoyable, but not as emotionally rewarding as the original movie.
Beginning was predictable. But toward the middle and end, things got real exciting. The CGI's were really good!
It is worth watching and there is action. Judge for your self
Better special effects than the original, but a predictable plot and no real surprises. Ok.
Great effects don't make a great movie. Sill worth watching. Picture and sound quality are great!
Didn't think it was quite as good as the first. But good enough to watch.
Ok movie. Not as good as original. Definitely missed Will Smith's character from the first one.
This movie was not as good as the original but entertaining
Not even close to as good as the original but a good sci fi overall
Not as great as the original from 1996, but this movie was pretty good. Although I thought the ending was a little cheesy. Overall, an enjoyable popcorn movie.
This sequel was OK, but not eve close to the origial
It kind of okay movie it a lil funny well I like it it was okay my books
An okay movie with solid 3D. Expected more after 20 years waiting for this! But the 3D is good and the special features are solid
The movie looks ok on 4K but the movie itself is ok
Had low expectations but movie was decent. Should have waited for it to come out on cable.
Independence Day Resurgence bluray was a good movie,not as good as the first one but entertaining .
Same as original unfortunately. Too much the same,
I enjoy that they brought back a lot of the original cast. Movies ok. Original movie is awesome."We will not go quietly into the night. We will not vanish without a fight. We're going to love on. We're going to survive." -President Whitmore (original id4)
wasn't what i expected, story line was like ugh and Will Smith should have been in this sequel but wasn't this was an ok movie but not better than the first release in my opinion ...
Not as good as the first one,fox we're ok , that,all.
The movie was alright like the previous one before, they talk too much before you see any action. The story was ok.
It was ok. Not as good as the first one but really are any of the follow ups as good as the first one
Good to see most of the originals back but sure do miss Will Smith though.
Never mind that Will Smith was the most entertaining aspect of the original movie; this one was just lacking in story. The first one incorporated humor into a sci-fi flick in a way I haven't seen before, and it seemed to work. But this film mostly seemed to rehash the previous story, but without a lot of the talent that the story began with. We bought it because I tend to buy sequels to films I already own, but if I were to do it again, I'd pass on this one. The fact that they dropped Mae Whitman to reprise her role as the president's daughter was the final nail for me. Mae is just as attractive, and a better actress than the one who replaced her.
Good special effects on a grander and more state-of-the-art scale. If you liked the original, you'll probable like this one too.
Nice product for the price, if you like blu-ray movies.
Not as good as the first one but the 4k hd picture is great! Only my second 4k hd bluray.
not as good as original independence day movie, okay to watch once
I missed it in the movies but I have it in 4k great
Nowhere near as good as the original which just had that wow factor back in the day. Not terrible but don't go in expecting a movie as good as the 1st
Got it cheap for Black Friday. Good and cheap ! Love these deals !
While the 4K Ultra quality was fantastic, I can't say the same about the movie. The original was and is still the best.
Movie was a bit corny. Set 20 years later which is now and we don't have anything like what's portrayed in the movie.
Sure, the effects are great, the sound overwhelming, and the credits fill the screen, but as far as sequels go, this is pretty "meh!". Good to keep you company while you do homework.
This movie was not even close to the original. Just an average to below average story.
Pale sequel to a unique story. The sequel seemed erratic and piecemeal.
Just goes to prove that all of our technology was reverse engineered from the aliens.
I was really disappointed with the movie. It's a raunchy remake of the original, just more futuristic.
This movie was okay. Couldn't watch it all the way through
Like all sequels, it left little to the imagination. Yea, we win again...
I enjoyed the movie, but it was somewhat predictable.
We enjoyed this movie although it was not nearly as good as the original. I guess the expectations were too high. Still a good one to munch on popcorn to.
Good follow-up on the original, if you were a fan of the 1st movie this will be good, missing some of the original main characters but still ok.
Before I watched this movie I watched the first one and I can tell the first one is way better by far. The story itself....is like there was no story and they just to some kind of....nah...only 3 stars for the especial affects but no story there.
Of course without Will Smith we knew the movie would not be as good as the first but it was very enjoyable.
This was only a fair movie to followup a pretty good movie. I guess what else can you call it.
Watched the movie, and thought it was average, was al rite for a spin off
this is a great movie that the whole family will enjoy.
not a bad movie but still not better than the original independence day
A lot like the first one. Enjoyed the movie. Don't that another movie dealing with this topic would fair well.
The story is meant to pick up decades after the original. The novelty of fighting aliens in large aerial battles was lost in this version. The mother alien looks strangely similar to Cloverfield. Not much for originality.
It's not a completely worthless film but it pails greatly in comparison to its predecessor.
ok movie for sequel not as good as first one so so
Too much special affects. Looks like a transformer movie. Been there done that. If it cheap buy it if your a collector.
This movie is as good as a sequel could be for this movie. Honestly, the original is a classic and a follow up was not necessary but they did an ok job. This is the only movie I would say that was not the same without Will Smith. Worth watching but not a "must purchase".
Sequels have a bad reputation of not being as good as the first one, and this falls into the category. The best part of the film was the special effects, they didn't disappoint, but the acting was stale as well as the plot of the movie. But if you're a fan of the first movie, it's worth watching at least once, even if it's just to see what has happened to the characters after 20 years.
The first movie was nicely done so I thought this would be a good movie. I was disappointed that one of the main characters was not in the movie. It is an average second movie.
The movie was okay,I preferred the first one,but it was good
Had too high of expectations for this movie. Loved first one.
After seeing the first Independence Day, I had high expectations. A little let down. Acting was sub par and action it seems was just for the sake of action.
Not as good as the first one but if you're a fan you should pick it up
The 3 d movie was great with lots of action in it.
This movie is not as good as the 1st one. Now the 1st Independence day was not great, but it was good. This movie didn't feel urgent enough for me if you know what I mean. The queen was much too big as well as the Alien ship. Deaths were meaningless. Story could have been tightened up a bit as well. Overall it's a good popcorn flick.
Not a very good sequel, missing the heart of Will Smith and the Star Wars vibe did not play well with a lesser CGI visual. I do not know if Smith could have rescued this plot but his one liners may have eased the pain.
I loved the first Independance day so if course was very excited for this one to come out. It simply rode on the coat tails of the first one. It is not bad but it is quite predictable.
I thought this movie was just ok but nothing special the first one was a lot better.
Growing chinese influence in holiwood evident in this movie
They tried to hard to make it like original but fell short. good special affects but story line was weak
Not as good as the 1st one, but still good. Nice to see what happens to the characters.
The movie was good. Has good special effects. Acting could be a bit better.
A lot better than I thought it would be without Will Smith good special effects , good acting and good story .
If you can find it on sale it might be worth the time otherwise don't waste your time.
Not a bad movie just ok. Not as good as the first independent Day movie.
Good special effects and action kind of a long movie lacking in story
Wasn't as good as it should have been...........................
Almost everybody died who was in the first one I wouldn't recommend
Funcbut lost its magic from the first movie. Follows too much of the action plot from original.
I really enjoyed the first movie. I know this one tried to feed on the popularity of that that and it does succeed in some spots but in others it fails. However, if your just looking for a good summer action/adventure film then this is one could fit your bill.
luckily it was on sale...otherwise i would be mad i didn't just get it from redbox
This sequel isn't too bad, but without Will Smith it just isn't as good as the original.
This movie tied into the original and I liked the storyline. I was entertained.
Good action, but not as good as first movie. Movie was predictable, but not the worst movie I've seen.
Nowhere near the 1st movie in greatness...a bit disappointed...
It's more a nostalgic film, since this is (in my opinion) to grab money remembering the success of the 1996 film with some sequences and creative effects.
Not as good as the first but I guess they did the best they could without Will Smith.
Entertaining but was missing Will Smith. He made the first great and as far as sequels go this wasn't too bad. Brought back some of the original characters and I appreciated that, but like I said still needed Will Smith.
I saw and loved the first ID4, and though it took the makers nearly a century to releases the second installment, they apparently (and finally) did so with the intent of giving audiences a reason to grab some popcorn. Other than that, it kinda blew. No story really. The characters were, at best, "MEH". So, if I have to review this, I'd say, save it for when you have nothing else to see and you really want an honest-to-whatever popcorn flick to watch while simultaneously talking about what a crock this or that moment was.
The 3D effect is good. The storyline is aight. The action scenes aren't bad. I thought the first movie was good & didn't really need a sequel. I bought this because I have the first & didn't see this in theaters.
Next in the line of Independence Day alien invasions, would have liked it more with other of the original movie characters, but understand that they become high priced stars as well.
This movie is such a over bloated sequel it is almost too over the top. How many times can the same people cheat death. Some deaths are also unrelated in it as well. Good rental movie.
It followed along the lines as the first movie. Did not pull you in.
As a fan of the first film I had high expectations for the film. Wasn't to my liking. I would recommend if u like action pack movies but without will smith the film disappointed
Did not live up to the greatness of the original,I felt it lack the natural humor displayed in the original, also never had the actors for scenes that should of been intense.
If you compare it to the original , is a bit of a let down, I think they rush the story could had been a lot better, but it was not a s bad as others.
ID:R is a cheese-oozing action alien fest with little character development, but that is what it is supposed to be. If you are contemplating buying this movie then you are not looking for Schindler's List, Citizen Kane or a Krzysztof Kieslowski movie, you are looking for cheeky, mind-numbing and something to watch on a rainy Saturday afternoon.
I would watch it again but not cery often. Its good like once in a blue moon
Found it slow, and jumped all over the place. Attempt to bring some previous actors back wasn't worth the effort and hurt their prior image. Didn't even finish the movie honestly. It will now just collect dust.
After getting a new Atmos movie this was one of the movies I picked up to try with it. I saw the first movie, this is almost exactly the same (same characters and mostly the same story even). Not a great movie but you weren't expecting that were you :-)
I enjoyed this movie, but wanted more as the first is one of my all time favorites
Not that bad, but not up to the first one, seems like they had a smaller budget, and the old mad scientist is a Jar-Jar. If you liked the first, this one's alright, but if you missed the first, miss this one.
Not as good as the original movie but the steelbook is nice looking and matches well with the first one
I love the first movie. This one was doing okay up until the last 3rd. It was like watching a bad version of space balls...the only difference is that movie is supposed to be stupid and funny! Plus the choice of an actor or two here was a poor one! Some guys simply do not belong behind the controls of a space fighter. I would've rather seen John Candy dressed like a wookie! At least it would've been more believable! I only gave it three stars because of the actors that deserved it ..or it would've gotten 2 stars. The franchise deserved a better cast (with exceptions) and storyline. It had potential and someone dropped the ball! Shame... And where was Will Smith? A pic is the best you guys could do? If he saw the script I don't blame him! Very disappointed!
This movie was mildly entertaining. It was nowhere near as good as the original. I would just wat h it on Netflix rather than buy it. Overall, it was decent but I can't recommend it.
Not as great as the first movie ! I was sort of disappointed !
great movie! continues on from the original independence day movie. great picture in 4k. compared the picture on the x box one s and a Samsung 4k player. the Samsung does look better. more detail. defiantly recommend this flick
Same old same old. The original, just updated technology.
Too much trying to make it futuristic. But gave it higher star for the collectible.
This movie isnt as good as the first one but n 4k it rocks
Not as good as original Independence Day movie, but OK as sequel.
It worth a view. The action slows and the plot predictable.
This film was mostly a repeat of the first film without Wil Smith.It's good for a lost time movie
It was enjoyable even tho story was terrible. Had potential
No where near as good as the original Independence Day, but still entertaining. Too many unnecessary character roles to get mixed up, and too convoluted a plot to understand. Good graphics and action.
The special effects were awesome but everything else was just okay. This movie could have been so much better. Didn't come close to the original. Maybe they will do a lot better with the third movie if there is one.
I bought this because like most i LOVED the first one... Was quite disappointed lol however i LOVED the random gay couple and i hate them for how that ended!!
This film in 3D was awesome. There probably should have never been a sequel in my opinion. However for what it is it was an enjoyable, with returning original cast and some new faces. The 3D effects are worth seeing and experiencing in this format. The surround mix was 5 star. i gave this review a 3 only because I don't like the sequel philosophy of Hollywood now a days. It truly should be a 4 on visual and sound.
Not nearly as good as the first independence day but the storyline was okay
Good! But, It's no original! The characters just weren't strong enough! Not even an epic speech to motivate the forces! Not enough Alien action, not emotional like original! But a great last 20 minutes with "The Queen"!
Technically speaking, this is a great bluray! If you have a quality home theater, you'll enjoy this movie. It's in Dolby 7.1, and the use of the surrounds/ directionality is truly one of the best I've encountered. It sounds clean, dialogue is clear. It's recorded a little high, so I really had to crank it up, though. The 3D is amazing. Lots of depth. Video is clean andclear. That being said, the movie itself was pretty average. It appears that it had a lit of potential, but the story seems rushed. Its choppy. Maybe it's just the editing..? I dont know. For the right price, if youre a sci-fi geek or home theater enthusiast, I would recommend it.
i dont want to ruin it. So buy it and watch it please.
The movie was pretty good . If you have a surround system you will love the audio
Loved the first one, so we must bought this to see how good it was. I really like it but my husband didn't like it so much. Guess it just depends on what you like.
It was ok but the first one was better. I like sci do movies so it was enough to keep me interested.
I like the original Independence Day better it's not that bad
This was a very good sci-fi movie. But, it was the same as the first - smarter aliens 20 years later.
20 years later we get a sequel to the original Independence Day starring Will Smith. This movie had several characters return and introduced new ones as expected in sequel fashion. The 3D is great when it comes to the alien invasion and climax, however, itd not worth the full price. Only worth purchasing when it goes on sale.
A nondescript action movie which has some of the characters returning from the first film. Really no reason to make this, but some folks liked it.
Slightly disappointed with this "re-boot" sequel. The CGI is really good but the story line needed a little more "umphf". The movie will keep you watching but looking for a little more suspense and twists.
I loved the one and one was OK but special effects were a little lame, could have been so much better.
Movie was so so, I thought it would have been a lot better than what I had watched. Actors were amateur and I just thought the story line could have been much better.
Movie was good but wanted more action. Great effects on 4K.
Not like the original film, It could have been better.
This movie had a very good picture and color. The effects were well done, but the plot was predictable. A little cheesy, but not as climactic as the first movie. Did not carry the star power the first one did either. Lots of action and explosions for the action buff.
The introduction of "the next generation" of warriors is a good idea, but the new characters seemed a little wooden. Bringing back Spiner's character is definitely a plus, and the implication of yet another sequel at the end is fascinating; after all how many times can Earth be almost destroyed without retaliation?? Effects continue to be excellent
This movie was okay. I was expecting something a little more different, but it almost seems like watching the first one. I think Will Smith was smart not to partake in this one. Overall it was decent.
Was ok... good effects and you learn a lil more about the Aliens
Given how good the first movie was, I expected a lot more from the sequel.
I was excited when I first heard about this due to my fondness for the 1996 original but I was a bit let down. While the cinematics and audio are top notch the story and acting are subpar.
This is a fun watch but has many holes and you will wish you were watching the first one
The plot makes sense: Following the invasion of 20 years ago, humanity has salvaged and taken advantage of alien technology–fully integrating it into their society. But now the aliens have returned–bigger and badder than before–and it's up to Jeff Goldblum and company to yet again find a way to repel the invasion.The problem with "Independence Day: Resurgence" is that, well...we pretty much know what to expect. Since 1996, we've seen many movies like this, and lets face it–this is a sequel long overdue (if there even needed to be a sequel). Just like in the original, this is a disaster movie with sci-fi icing...in other words, it's mostly about the human drama. It's PG-13, there's a lot of hokey dialogue, forced relationships in a futile attempt to make us "feel" something, and in the middle of it all there's...aliens. It also hurts that Will Smith is absent from this one...they got all of the core cast to return except him–it's really a shame he couldn't have been there; it would have added more credibility to the production.Nevertheless, there are a few cool elements present here. The introduction of a huge "queen" alien is cool–if a little unoriginal–and this movie carries the core story in a direction that makes sense for the franchise. It might all be starting to get a little Starship Trooper-ish, but taking the fight to the aliens themselves next time makes sense. Let's hope they can keep it together if they do proceed with another sequel.
Only recommended if you're a fan of the original film.
The movie is OK. Kinda cheesy one liners and scenes. But my wife and I enjoyed it.
This was a good movie for a sequel. Not as great as the original, but what sequel is?
Good entertainment for a movie night. Definitely dosent share the same type of energy as the first one.
Was disappointed in this movie. Loved the original!
it was an ok movie, but i would have liked to see the original better
Ok movie, missed Will Smith but overall it was a ok movie.
Not as good as the first one but still worth watching.
I thought this movie was good. It revisited some favorite characters and showed the aftermath of the events in a great cult movie
It was a ok sequel! It could have been better! Deff catch it when it's on sale ! Lol
Basically, a restart of the series and a setup for a third movie.
ID4II is a decent, if not a little too late sequel. Not nearly as exciting as ID4, but worthy just because Will Smith is NOT in this movie.
I didn't know what I was getting in to with this one but it's ok had pretty good special effect wish had more of a story
Great movie. Graphic wise better then the first. Story is ok.
NOT AS GOOD AS THE FIRST ONE , MILDLY ENTERTAINING
Great picture and sound. Great sequel to a great movie.
This movie was ok,but not as good as the 1st one with will smith
A great sequel storyline with some familiar characters and call backs to the original move. Despite 20 years of advancements since the first movie it is still missing something to take it the next step.
Ok movie but I expected a lot more with advances in cinematography since the original came out. Could have been much better.
Movie is entertaining and is worth watching and interesting how it connected to the first one 20 years later
This movie was ok. I expected to see will smith but it was a good.
The first Independence Day was an absolute classic. This iteration was average. If you haven't already seen it, I wouldn't go out of your way to buy it. Just watch it whenever Netflix streams it.
Good movie/not great however it looks great on 4k TV with HDR.
Expected more but same as before. Hype and not great
This wasn't as good as the original, but it was still a fun ride...for me.
What should we do for the sequel? I dunno make the ships bigger and destroy more monuments!!!
Good family movie with the kids I really enjoyed it!!
I was expecting very intense battles between aliens and humans. I was Kind disappointed at the aliens old technologies.
This is a good movie. I am quite pleased that I purchased it from Best Buy and I got such a good deal. I hope to continue to shop at Best Buy.
Good movie that we would recommend seeing. Not great. Not as good as the original movie but still worth the look.
Good movie sound is great comes in dobly atmos so really packs a punch
I am a huge science fiction fan. Loved the first movie so this was a must see. Thought they did a fair job of showing the life changing impact of advances made from obtaining advanced alien technology. The movie was entertaining but lacked some character building to get me really interested the people.
No as good as the first one. But pretty good. !!!!!
Not a bad movie but lacking from the first one. Left it setup for a 3rd one.
it is just a ok movie, to catch up the great id4 what left over
The first one was sooo entertaining! Great popcorn flick!This one...ehhhh....watchable and entertaining at times, but can't match the original.
Ok movie, good action movie and worth watching for the action.
If you liked the original, this is a good follow up.
While this version is entertaining, it is not nearly as good as the original. Sometimes you are better off leaving a good thing be.
Overall an enjoyable movie. Would buy this at $20. Got it for $8 during Black Friday. Look for same deal and pick it up.
Not nearly as good as the original. The movie starts slowly with how the world has developed new weapons to resist another alien invasion. Takes a while, but when the bad alien do show up the movies takes off and finishes well.
Just make up some popcorn, sit back with zero expectations, and have fun.
Is just a fun movie and nothing to be excited . After so many years is kind of a waste of time.
Not as good as the 1st obviously but its still ok in its own right
new it would happen part 2 special effects great ok but not as good as 1st
You figure 20 years between movies would have made movie great. Oh well.
Sometimes we should leave the original alone - this is one of those movies.
The effects are great, but the acting...not so much.
with this movie, you know what you are getting, an over the to B movie. With that said I enjoyed it for what it is
Just as corny. Maybe moreso than the original. And that's okay cuz with these movies you just watch to turn your brain off anyway.
This was not as good as the first. miss will smith. Entertaining !
It was gook. Not as good as the first. It seemed rushed to finish in time allotted due to the many story lines. I recommend buying as long as blu ray is on sale.
This is the continuation of the invasion by the aliens. The first movie was a must see for the time, this one is just so so. If you have seen the first one and you have time to kill, go ahead and see it, but don't go out of your way to make it happen.
It would have benefited from a better cast honestly. Graphically it was good but i didn't get the nostalgic feel or s much of a drive to finish this one like i did with the first one.
This one is worth seeing, but only to say you saw. Don't expect much, and you might enjoy it.
The 1st Independence Day is one of my all time favorite movies so its almost unfair to compare ID Resurgence to it. As a stand alone movie it has great action and special effects. I enjoyed all the original ID4 characters they brought back there is just a lack of character development. Good movie not great.
This movie was actually pretty darn good. The special effects are outstanding and the story is solid. I would definitely recommend checking it out!
Sequels of movies always Sucks!!! specially when kids are main characters. didnt like it at all
Different concept from the original, wish the actors would have been more of the original class.
I didn't get a chance to go to the movies to see this. I decided to buy it while on sale on Black Friday. The movie is alright. Nothing like the first one. Would have been better had Will Smith been in it.
So it is worth watching and is fun, but could have been much better. My young teens enjoyed it quite a bit.
The movie could have been better with Will Smith in it.
The movie is decent. The special effects are awesome and make the movie worth it. The movie is worth seeing for nostalgia purposes alone, but storyline could almost be considered a reboot of the original rather than a sequel--they are basically the same movie.
Independence Day Resurgence, The aliens should've stayed away. You should too.
Not as good as the first movie, Nice that they brought back some of the original cast, but miss Will Smith.
Movie relies on the original and future sequels...
Not as good as the first Independence Day, but it was not horrible.
But does not worth the first one. Like Start Wars 7, it looks really similar to the previous one with bigger and better special effects.
I was expecting a little more i don't know something. But I bought it also for the 4k which is awesome
If you've seen the original Independence Day then you have a pretty good idea how this one goes. Yes, it follows the same basic plot of the first. That said, it's entertaining enough as long as you aren't looking for anything new.
Got what i expected but not what i had hoped for...Worth the $8 i paid for it on Blu-ray.
Overall a good popcorn flick but couldn't match up to the original. Worth a watch, especially in 4k!
This movie is right in line for viewers that are fans of the first movie. I truly recommend this movie for those viewers
THE FIRST INDEPENDENCE WAS MUCH BETTETHIS ONE WAS SO SO
I enjoyed this sequel, but I have to say, it lacked the heart and wonder of the first one. Here, it seems everyone was jaded, and frankly, if the characters don't care, why should we. That said, it was a mildly entertaining popcorn flick to catch on cable, but not really to buy.
Not a bad way to spend two hours. I enjoyed the original when I was a kid. This was not as good but still fun.
It's so bad. It's so hilariously, wonderfully bad, and it's exactly what I wanted.So the people saying it's worse than the original ... yes, that's true. The original takes a lot of heat, because of the dialogue, and the acting, and the things that don't really add up, but in terms of storytelling it was effective, right? July 2 is this great crescendo culminating in the disaster scenes we all came for, while setting up characters we like despite ourselves because they're Jeff Goldblum and Will Smith. July 3 you get planes vs. spaceships, Will Smith being a badass, and they actually develop the characters in ways we care about. Then July 4 sets up a great showdown. It's a well constructed movie despite its flaws.This is the opposite. There is absolutely no sense of pacing or structure or build. Things just sort of happen, one after another, wherever the plot needs them to. The movie doesn't obey real world logic, or even disaster movie logic, or even its own internal logic, at pretty much any time. In one scene Bill Pullman's in the room chatting with people, the camera cuts away for one shot, and then cuts back to the exact same shot except Bill's missing, and they all say, "Wait, where did Whitmore go?" like he snuck out in that 1.5 seconds. Characters have love interests - like literally every character including Dr. Okun (he actually has the best one) has a love interest, except for Dylan -- why doesn't Jessie Usher get a love interest?? -- but of course that never actually motivates any character to do anything. Jeff Goldblum's love interest shows up in the beginning, hangs out at his side the whole movie, and is there at the end. Sizzling romance!
This movie looks great in 4K but the story was much better in the original.
A fun popcorn flick. Definitely doesn't match up to the first film though.
I did want to see this movie but I didn't have a 4k UHD Blu-Ray player. I thought I bought one but I didn't so I returned it. Thank goodness Best Buy has a great return policy!
There's not a whole lot to say on this. If you like the movie, you will like the Blu-Ray. Though I probably would have been better watching this just once rather than owning it.
Wasn't that great of a film. They took too long in making it. Should have left it alone
Not as good as the first Independence Day movie. Plot somewhat predictable.
not near as good as the first movie ok to see if you are a fan
An easily enjoyable film if you can turn off you brain, following in its predecessors footsteps this is a better film than the criticisms make it out to be with the material its using to tell its story.. Def. worth a watch to any sci-fi fan at least once
Not nearly as good as the original but a decent sequel.
I dont think it's better than the original movie but it was ok
not a terrible movie, but not great either. the first will always be way better
This movie doesn't stand up to the original, you are waiting to hear a infamous speech and the only you left with is wanting. Enjoy for the spectacle not the story. Just ugh
The previews kinda spoiled the movie. Worth a watch but with low expectation.
It was ok. Iiked the original much better. The 2nd one was lacking.
Nice that they brought back some of the original stars, but the story overall was no match for the first movie. I am really hoping they won't make a 3rd
Entertaining but not nearly as good as the original.
Sometimes, sequels should not be made. Although it was a pretty decent watch, it failed in comparison to the original.
We were a huge fan of the first independence day and this sequel is o.k. However, it is not as good as its predecesor.
Ok action movie. Not as intense as the first movie.
The quality for the 4k movie was good. As for the movie it wasn't that entertaining. The 1st one was better.
I gave to to a relative for Christmas gift . on their wish list.
Not as good as the original, but still entertaining. Wasn't the same without Will Smith.
I got what I expected from this movie. Could have been much better but could have been worse.
Some movies don't need sequels. The first Independence Day didn't. That said, it's worth watching for the effects. The storyline is a bit predictable and Will Smith is conspicuously missing.
This movie needs Will Smith's character in the worse way.
The first one was good enough.....too many one liners and a generic story line.
This movie has some slow moments and at times feeling like a love story. If you have the patience to make it through these parts of the movie, you will be happy.
Really long and drawn out story and awful recycling of original plots. Not enough good lines in the movie, stopped paying attention to this movie after about 30 minutes.
movie felt disjointed at times. could of waited for this to come out on regular tv.
Pick up for fair price. Not as good as the first movie. But a good action flick.
Ok action movie, but despite all the promotion it was not as good as the first
Great audio and visual presentation. Movie is just okay,
Totally not as good as the first one. Didn't really miss Will Smith but it was lacking in his kind of humor. I'm on the fence on this one. But if your bored watch it.
a lot of action but a little much or far fetched even for a sci-fi
This movie is another example of a sequel that isn't nearly as good as the first. While some of the action and effects are enjoyable, overall, I think I would have been better off sticking with the original only.
This Independent Day sequel is just ok. Nothing special.
She loves these two movies, for whatever reason, so I picked it up for Christmas gift.
I thought it was good but didn't have the drive as the original, some of the characters were week in their character development. on tv I wouldn't turn it off.
Great action but that's it. Not as good as original.
Go into this movie with no expectations, and you might be able to enjoy it. Forget the poor story and characters, just enjoy the big action sequence at the end.
This is a good movie. It just didn't take me over the top. Could have been so much better. Maybe I expected too much as this is the first movie I watched with our new 4K TV.
I was too excited when I heard they were finally making an ID4 sequel but never got a chance to see it in theaters, Luckily it was under $10 on blu-ray for Black Friday so I gave it a shot. Definitely leaves something to be desired..although the action set pieces and effects were great!
ok movie , I wonder what it was missing, Will Smith.
Will Smith was sorely missed in this movie. Yes, he has had some bombs in the last years. But he was great in the original Independence Day movie. 3 D made the movie more palatable and some of the original actors were still present. But it just didn't have the same magic as the first movie. It was really just OK.....even in 3 D.
Storyline is ok for si-fi, but story is weak on so many levels for this movie......
Okay. If you don't want to use your brain for two hours, enjoy. If you need to think, you may want to skip it.
Visually impressive some good scenes but the first independence day is still the best
I hesitated getting this film, since sequel to blockbusters are so so from the start. I was surprised that I like this film and it was not as predictable as most sequels can be.
The movie story was ok the special effects were very good storyline could have used some help in the end I enjoyed myself and that's what counts
This movie tried way to hard to be like the original, came off as too hokey.
I loved the first movie, but this one was good. Kinda cheesy and at points boring. Too many left opened story twists. Character acting was meh. But overall was a great watch and time passer-by. Recommended for a simple movie night.
Good action movie, no where close to the original. Really cool special effedts.
There are some things that are better left alone, but since they chose not to here, I think that this sequel should have gone in a completely different direction; the dialog was just misguided, the action was cheesy, they kill off everyone but 4 of the original characters, and revive the doctor that got his butt kicked by an alien in the first one. Good for collectors, but other than that... head to the kiosk to rent it.
Recommended only if you are a fan of the original film.
I enjoyed the movie, it was not as bad as some reviews stated
Overall the movie was just ok. The special effects were real good.
The storyline is good and it was fun to see the characters from the first production who aged. There were a lot of dark spots and fast moving photography which were not easy to follow.
It was a good movie but couldn't help but think a lot of the film was the same as the first.
This movie could have been better especially if will smith was in it.
the move started off ok but further into it things started to loss track from how the original was going, the ending was just not right to the way the queen was killed then ships around her die but then you see others taking off into space.you could say the could be a setup for another move.
I enjoyed the first one better, but this was ok. I think it had a lot to overcome without will smith, The special effects were good, probably better than the plot?
Looks good, but not as good as the original. Kinda seemed forced in parts. Almost like a rerun of the original
It's a fun movie to watch, it's a bit stupid and generic. It is in no way better than the original. I was surprised that I enjoyed it for being such a flop.
After 20 years the only thing is surprising is that the script was weak. An odd twist, felt too campy like ET.
A good movie to watch. Nowhere near as good as the first
This movie has better special effects than the original, but it just didn't seem up to first one. If you can get it cheap and you're bored, then watch it.
Not as good as the classic, but it is worth a watch
Did not come together very well. Was lacking a strong story that peoplecould get involved with.
If you are hoping this will be like the original, you will be mistaken. Jeff Goldblum is the man though! He needs to keep acting in films. Worth the watch once if someone else is paying for it.
I thought the movie was okay. It had it moments of being entertaining.
Okay for a sequel but Will Smith is missed in this one. Too bad. It had potential.
Just didn't have the magic of the first one. Not sure why. Did miss Will Smith...
I wasn't a fan of the original but this one still didn't completely feel as good as that one. Even with the new effects, it's kind of just more of the same thing.
This wasn't as good as the first one but it did have some good action.
Really was hoping for a better sequel to the original. After waiting twenty years I I thought the story could have been better (not very believable). Saw this in the theatres and still decided to buy this movie. I believe the special effects are impressive. I liked the fact that a lot of the movie was shot during the day. This is one of those movies where you can actually see what's "chasing" you. If they had put as much time into the story as they did the effects, this would have been excellent. Just my 2 cents.
While this movie stands as a sequel to Independence Day, it has none of the features that made the original so amazing, such as the presence of Will Smith or the deliverance of an inspiring speech. Although the movie provides good visuals, they don't make up for the blandness of the story.
I was expecting this movie to be amazing like the first one, it was just OK. It was pretty far fetched. I was slightly disappointed.
Like many movies the follow-on to the original is not as good. Sadly, it did not live up to expectations.
This movie is a return from the last movie Independance DaySame style !
I am a big fan of the original, but this is not so good.
I was hoping for a bigger movie since it took them so long to make a sequel.
For a fun movie that you just want to relax and enjoy, it's a good choice. Not as good as the original, but definitely enjoyable
Decent movie, but not nearly as good as the original.
Its an ok movie but they kept the time line as 20 years later so I guess they could use a lot of the same actors. The issue I had was from the tech advancements the earth had supposedly made in 20 years was really unbelievable, maybe 100 years or more not 20.
This is an OK movie. Not in the same league as the original, though, which was run and rerun too many times to count...still passing the test of time with each loading. This one has been played twice. The only way it gets loaded for a third time is if my kids come home for a visit and want to see it.Otherwise, it will stay where it's at on the shelf. Like I said, not bad, I'd recommend it, but not highly.
Really slow. Doesn't live up to the original movie.
It wasn't bad but yet is wasn't good. They wasted an opportunity here and without Will Smith it just becomes so so. Great special effects are what gives this an average review.
this movie was highly anticipated. left a little to be desired.
The original was summer popcorn to begin with, but it was pretty entertaining and had action scenes I can watch repeatedly.This belated sequel, not so much.It also shares something with the long awaited Star Wars sequel from last year, both sequels are so similar in plot and structure to the originals it's like someone dusted off the original scripts and played 'plug and play'.Still an enjoyable summer popcorn sci-fi action movie worth seeing but, even if you're a fan of the original, I'd recommend renting this one rather than buying.Unless it's 4 years from now and is really cheap.
A good movie by itself. A bit of a letdown based on the hype created by the previous . Didn't live up to the previous movie.
Definitely not as good as the first, but a descent family film
It was okay. I liked the first one better. Glad they brought back some old characters. Tough to make a sequel.
Was expecting a lot more.movie was just ok,action scenes were good but movie failed the hype.
This movie was good; not great, not must see, but a good way to pass the time away. Plays more like a money-grab rather than a passion project, but that doesn't stop it from being entertaining. Good to see faces from the original, but the story seems phoned in. We've seen these thematic beats done better in other movies, but again still worth seeing at least once.
Golf work on images And increíble soundLove it love it
A poor sequel to the original but entertaining for the special effects
If you were a big fan of the original this is worth a watch. But, the movie is predictable, story is weak and doesn't make much sense. Didn't need to make a sequel. Fun movie though if you like action flicks and want the nostalgia of the original film.
it was ok. there are worse sequels anyway. it was entertaining enough.
Some weak spots in the story line and writing/ characters just not substantial enough to make it work. Good effects.
It was entertaining but no where near as good as the 1st.
I didn't really enjoy this one compared to the first one.
This is good but not as good as the original yet it is worth watching but you always know what's going to happen next
This is good once if your looking for action syfy but it's a blah script
not as good as the first one.....plot elements a little complicated
This movie was ok...not bad, but definitely not as good as the first one. But I guess that's to be expected.
had hopes for this one but it disappointed in the end
I bought this movie, but I didn't care for it. I should have just rented it.
Not as good as the first one but this almost always happens in movies sequels.
This movie is not as good as the first but it's entertaining I would require it to see
I am a huge fan of the original Independence Day, so I was looking forward to a sequel after all these years. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed by this movie that failed at everything that was right about the original. Where were the likable characters, humor, and real world touches (news reports, etc.) that were done so well in the original? Coupled with poor editing, a lack of coherent time and location, and a very artificial blue screen atmosphere, Independence Day: Resurgence fails to recapture the awe of the original blockbuster.The audio and video on the 2D Blu-ray were excellent and it contains a good amount of bonus features. The best feature is the hour-long making-of documentary. Additionally there is a commentary, deleted scenes, and more. Overall, this is a great presentation of a not so great film.Nostalgia, great A/V, and plenty of bonus features are not enough to make Independence Day: Resurgence a worthy sequel. See this if you must, but it may just leave you wanting to watch the original once again.
The first movie was great. You could view it multiple times and enjoy it. For some reason, this movie did not grab me. The special effects were incredible but the beginning was confusing and not engaging. It did get better as it went along but not a memorable experience.
Sequels seldom are as good as the first movie, ditto here.
this movie is not as good as the first, maybe because Will Smith is not in it
I only bought this for 2 reasons. First being, it's a Steelbook and I bought it together with the Steelbook for the first one. I needed the matching set. Secondly, Jeff Goldblum. But I mean, isn't that reason enough to buy it? Jeff Goldblum makes everything better. :)
If you just want eye candy and not great acting or plot line this movie is for you. I like 3D action movies, especially sci-fi so I got it. Wished it was better but it's in the collection now.
Nothing like a giant alien harvester queen. Great special effects with another good cast.
This is more a review of the film rather than the product. IMHO, the original was better. Not bad, but not as good as I expected. We'll see if the sequel improves.
4K wise its awesome, yet story tries to copy the first movie, kind of. But you already know how first one went so take away the thrill. plus no Will Smith, come on
The movie is still entertaining, while not as good as the first.
I bought this movie because I'm a huge fan of the original *Independence Day* and I rather enjoyed myself watching this sequel in the theater. But talk about diminishing returns! Returning stars gotta eat? Non-returning starts know better? This sequel gets very little right, but perhaps the best I can say for it is this: Brent Spiner!
Independence Day: Resurgence picks up 20 years later in the same but more epic battle to save the earth and hints and possible future films. The star power falls a little short but do well with what they have. The 3D is really great in many parts of the movie.
Don't expect a block buster movie. It is OK at best. There are a couple returning actors, but the overall premise is sorely lacking. Unless you are a fan of bad to mediocre sci-fi movies, or just extremely bored, then you may want to just skip this one.
It was fun eye candy how they upped the set-pieces and action, but the characters were shallow and the story throwaway.
I bought this dvd since it was on sale. The movie was ok for the price. Found the story lacking and the action kind of stale.
This was a good movie but not as good as the first one.
This continue saga of Independence Day was a pretty good one. Enjoyed it.
I enjoy Science Fiction movies, but it was hard to follow the plot(s) in this follow up to the original.
The quality of the video is spot on and great, but the story of the film wasn't good.
It was a good movie and we did enjoy it. If you're looking for it to be as good as the original you might be disappointed.
The movie was OK but not as good as the original one.
but that is with most sequels, still entertaining.
This is entertaining and I found the story enjoyable; not as stellar or "goose-bump" patriotic feeling generating dialog, but I felt the story was a good close to the original. They left it open a little for a possible third movie, but not so much as you feel there *has* to be something to complete #2 here. While just as good looking as his brother, Liam Hemsworth's acting felt a little "over-done" in my opinion. Still, I don't regret getting this (it was on sale - I wouldn't recommend buying at full price!) and will watch it again, just not as legendary as the first.
I thought it was good from looking at special effects but had some issues with the story.
Overall a good action thriller. Similar to the first but definitely missing some of the main characters. Wish Will Smith could have come back. If you love high def, good sounding movies then this one is worth a watch.
This movie is filled with action. Not enough suspense though
It's an ok movie. Sort of a repeat of the last one with the younger characters. I enjoyed it, but buy it on sale like I did!
This movie was a rush job and too much of the same things that made this movie.But like everything else these days it is hard to improve on the original.The quality of the video was good and the sound effects also were passible. It was a passable movie.
The first movie was better. No Will Smith. I never have high expectations of sequels. This one is a good example of why. Someone was thinking about making money more than making a good movie.
This sequel was refreshing in it's character representation, they were well developed beyond similar followups from other Si-Fi genre movies.
Ok movie... Not as good as I had hoped after seeing the original.
If you love the first independent day this is s must see but the storyline could have been better.
Overall the movies good. I wish they would have added something a little different to the movie. A little twist or something totally different.
It was relatively slow and nothing like the original release. However the story line remained intact.
Like a lot of sequels it just couldn't live up to the first.
It's always hard for a sequel to match the original, especially when key stars do not return for it. If you can get past that aspect, it is a least worth a watch. This is one where the sequel does not live up to the original, but it is still entertaining.
It's not as good as the first one but has a pretty good take on life after the first one
Independence Day Resurgence was not as good as the original. Just ho-hum.
Independence Day was a great standalone film for the 90s with amazing sequences . The sequel kicks it up a notch with latest cgi and while awesome it doesn't have the same appeal as the original. Nonetheless still a good popcorn movie.
the original movie was really good, and we thought the sequel would be just as good. however, it dragged through much of the movie, and only picked up at the end. all in all, a sequel i could have skipped.
After reading the reviews I still wanted to take a shot at it and watch the movie. Like the fact that the same characters were in the 1St film except will Smith he wanted to do a film with his son but anyway the story was on point its just I notice a lot more comedy and less of seriousness unlike the 1St film but in my own opinion with a touch of writing the scripts and less of comedy I think it would of gotten 5 stars.
Look this was definitely not the first movie now having said that it was also not as bad as everyone was making it out to be. If you liked the first one then this is definitely worth a watch.
not as good as the first movie but its ok i wish will smith would have been in this movie but all around a alright movie
If you already watch the original Independence Day movie, I recommend you to watch this film with a open mind. I purchased this because of the disscounted price of $9.99 but it didn't met my expectations even though I am easily amazed.
movie was below par. Quality of actual disc was very good.
Not the best plot after a twenty year wait but it is a visual treat done on a larger than life scale. A movie for the entire family.
Wasn't what I expected, but was an ok movie. Almost the same ending to both movies, but was a fun watch.
I thought this movie was ok. Not as good as the first one.I liked it that it had some of the actors from the first one. It just didn't pick up for me.
Never seen it but just bought it because I wanted to see in in theaters which I didn't so I bought it and it was ok just I know they can make it better
Show started out a little slow but did get a little more entertaining as it went further in the story.
Pretty average acting job by the entire cast.Liked the first one much more.
The subplot with Jeff Goldblum's father could have been cut completely out of the film. There was another character, I won't say who, that returns which was a bit ridiculous too. Great destruction effects though.
This movie was ok but not as good as the first one.
Cast only average in this movie. Wait till it comes on tv.
The visuals are stunning but personally I enjoyed the original film more... However, the steelbook packaging is a must have for any collector.
I didnt think it was as good as the original. Hard to continue a story without the same characters
It was too much like the original. No new news on aliens could have been better but still entertaining
Being a Jeff Goldblum fan and knowing that this was merely a popcorn flick I set my expectations very low, but it was a fun watch!
It kept me entertained even though I was dissapointed that the main character of the previous movie was not in this one.
Good movie but especially good to those that are loyal to this franchise. Apparently there will be third movie based off the end of the this movie.
Not as good as the first but it's worth checking out.
Not up to the original - but the 3D depth of field is immersive and the action scenes are 'artifact' free.
I bought it be because I liked the first one. This movie entertains and you find out about characters. But it's not as good as the first one.
Movie was sub-par and really a poorly written script. The original was so much better, for some reason i didnt care about the characters hardly at all. The surround sound was great and the video was perfect. The special effects were great at times but other times seemed dated. This is a forgetable movie and not what we all hoped it would be. Worth a watch but definitely not great.
This movie was somewhat predictable from the beginning. It was still a good movie to watch.
It was ok, the big problem is that it didn't really introduce a whole lot of difference from the original Independence day.
Independence day is not as good as the original. Keeps you waiting for more.
Movie is ok at best. They had 20 years to prepare and barely succeeded.
If you liked the first one, you will enjoy the sequel
A disappointing sequel, Resurgence is still an enjoyable sci-fi story that does not require a lot of thought and has plenty of action.
I liked that they had follow through actors....seemed kind of comedic
over cgi'd too many reruns of specific scenes not the blockbuster I anticipated
The movie was ok it somewhat picked up where the one left off many years later. Good action but some of the story you already knew what was going to happen based off the first one
More of the same but good old same. Will Smith is missed but other then that they did a pretty good job keeping up to the original. Great special effects for a future where humans all over the world unite verses fight amongst each other.
Enjoyed the movie watch with family and friends very good.
The original ID4 was a fresh & entertaining version of the classic War Of The Worlds story & locked Will Smith's Hollywood career into place for good. That being said, I wouldn't have expected Roland Emmerich to revisit this one, despite his end-of-the-world film collection. Sequels usually don't match up to the original & this one's no exception, but it is entertaining. After all, it is a willing suspension of disbelief & there is plenty of what I like to call "eye-candy" that fits that terminology. But don't yell at me if you find yourself saying (as I did) "Aw c'mon no way" at the sight of a continent sized spaceship landing & the planet doesn't even wiggle. Many of the original cast members are back (with a couple of interesting twists & surprises) & Judd Nelson is still as charming as ever, but you will miss Captain S. Hillard.WARNING:Emmerich left the door obviously open for yet another one.Would I recommend it?Sure, but it's certainly not as good as a few of his other films.
This movie was better than the reviews given by the critics when it was at the theaters. The story line had some major holes in it and I just wish that so many of the original stars had not been killed off. However, the movie was enjoyable with the special effects.
This follow up to the 96 original takes place 20 years later when the aliens return. The movie starts solid reintroducing familiar characters and introducing new ones. However you find yourself wanting to see the others missing. And the climax is less than stellar. The queen concept is tired.
Kind of, sort of, really not sure how I feel about this one.
Nice Sci-Fi movie, not as good as the first movie but enjoyable.
As usual the second movie didn't match up with the original it was based off of. This movie wasn't bad, but definitely not as good as the original.
Not anywhere close to the first.Lots of decent CGI, 3D OK.
the first movie was much better there was just to many holes and a lot of unanswered question i know its a sci-fi movie with a lot of action but force feeding us things that make no sense without an explanation is not the way to make a good sci-fi movie as far as HDR it was ok
This movie is good with great effects and a decent sequeal
Not as bad as some say could of done better with the casting but other than that
Wasn't great but wasn't bad. Bought the 4K version which was pretty sweet looking.
The movie did entertain a bit still felt like they could have done so much better on the story lines and not just move to the next scene.
if you remeber the original and saw it in the theater this film will disappopint. too many story lines left undeveloped and unfinished
It was OK ,but seems to repeat a lot of scenes from the last movies.
While the movie's special effects were good... This movie does not compare to the original.
Although not as good as the original, it is still good sci-fi action.
If it's on sale, buy it for a ten year old boy. A stocking stuffer.
No Will Smith but it's an ok movie. Special effects were good and action was thoughout. Overall, I'd give this movie a solid B.
This movie is not as good as the original. It is not the same with out Will Smith.
With so many of the original cast in the movie I give it a three star. The movie could have been better. If you were a fan of the first add this to your collection.- PjB
The sequel was ok. The acting compared to the original is lacking. It is entertaining enough.
The original version of this movie was better, but I get it.
The movie was OK not like the first one. It was entertaining
This movie is not great, but it is fun. It's a good movie to put on and have some popcorn while getting away from the world for a bit. It's just dumb fun. Give it a try if you enjoyed the original.
This one was definitely missing Will Smith. Good movie but needed more. Okay to watch at least once.
I would actually rate this movie 3.5 stars, because it really is not that bad. I guess it all really depends on what your expectations are going into this movie. It is definitely not as good as the first movie, but it is still a great popcorn movie. The action pretty much starts off right away and continues all the way to the end.
Better special effects not the same chemistry as the original similar story!
This sequel is a great film and was worth the wait but it could have been better if Will Smith decided to return and reprise his role from the first film.
After the negative reports, I had to see it for myself. It wasn't too bad.
The Movie Was Alright And The Acting Was Ok Too. B-}
I loved the first one. This one was alright. I do hope they make a third.
I thought the movie was a little slow, and it seems to be missing the charm the original had. The end seems more like a Japanese monster movie, over all it was just ok.
the special effects were good, but in my opinion, there was too much emphasis on the effects, and not on the story line. That being said, I still enjoyed the movie, and the 3D effects were very good. But, not as good as the original.
I always thought the first was a bit overrated due to its incredible cheese factor, but it still was a fun special effects movie. This movie's tone and cheese factor are about the same as first IMO, but unfortunately lacks any star quality that the first had at least. But still, there's a lot of entertaining special effects here and a unique premise of worldwide unity and vast technological advancement in 20 years. Looks awesome in 3D, too!
Good movie great action and special effects but the story lacks and needs attention not as good as first movie
If you do not count the first movie, this movie is not that bad, but without Will Smith and a bland story, you get an average movie.
I wasn't expecting much from Independence day II, but it really wasn't that bad. The acting was good, and the story was ok i guess. It was worth buying since I couldn't see it in the movies.
This movie looked better visually, but the first had a stronger impact on moviemaking overall.
I was looking for to the sequel but feel like it fell short of expectations.
But not the best sequel. Some clever ways it continued the story and many not so...
This sequel was definitely a let down from the original but still fun none the less.
I enjoyed the movie but perhaps it was my expectations of the movie that were far too great that it could not live up to what I anticipated. I expected to be going back to my childhood and have enjoyed it as much as I did 20 years ago with Will Smith. Poor acting and only good was the special effects.
I loved the first Independence Day so I jumped right and bought this one. Good movie but just didn't feel like the first one.
I think the first one was better they should have left the movie alone it did not need a sequel
Not as good as the first one but worth watching. 2 thumbs up.
The concept that it takes place in the future ruins the movie..they kill off past film characters..the storyline is weak..the only thing good about this film is the action towards the end
Entertaining but predictable. Was as good as the first and had great speacil effects.
It was just ok. Not as good as the first one. It good references to the first movie though
I would recommend this movie to someone who has not seen it.
Film was a colossal disappointment, but the disc in 4K looks excellent. I recommend sticking with the original, which also looks good in 4K, and forget about this one.
I was a huge fan ofor the first, still watch it to this day. I was super excited to see this when it came out and it definitely did not live up to expectations. It had great action sequences but I thought the story lines were non-existent
Decent movie but its not as good as the orginal on
Independence Day is a fun, engaging, popcorn film that has held up after 20 years. Fans of the original waited for a worthy sequel, but unfortunately this is not what we wanted.This is an extraordinarily average effort, and while it is worth a watch, is not the grand followup we wanted. The acting and pacing are average, and the writers and director had some bold ideas. Unfortunately, the film is just kind of flat.This was meant to be a reboot film of sorts, with a pair of sequels to follow. The disappointing box office totals have halted production of those sequels, and so, it seems, this is the last cinematic journey we will have for this particular universe.
Good movie! .. lots of action and keeps you interested!
Fair acting, poor writing, best part of the movie are the special effects. Wait for it to come on a premium channel. Overall disappointed.
If you're a fan of the first, you should definitely see this one. The ending could be better but it honors the first pretty good.
Ok movie just falls short of the first one. The acting is ok.
I was hoping for more. Perhaps it was due to the long gap since the first one.
Story line was not that good. Special affects were great. The story line was alto like first movie.
This movie was alright but seemed corny at times but the action sequences were good.
It's not as great as the first movie, which came out 20 years ago. It's entertaining though, worth a watch if you are a fan.
I liked the original but for some reason expected a little different movie some 20 years later.
I thought the movie would have been a lot better than it was it wasn't even close to the 1st one another bad sequel that's why will smith didn't want to be in it.
Special effects are great but movie is predictable.
not as good as the first movie. it leaves a lot to be deiserd
Good action but you can't beat the original. It misses Wil Smith.
I thought the movie was good. The action was the best part of the movie.
I was somewhat disappointed in that this is a set for another feature. The 3D is good, good SFX, the plot not particularly inspired, decently acted for an us v the space invaders film.
This is nothing like the first one. Still it's OK. Hope the 3rd one is better then this one.
The movie wasn't bad... but it wasn't good either.
Basically, it's just an OK sequel. It was too-much like a video game, and not enough real drama. Acting was only so-so. Plot could have been better, and more dramatic with the ending. Still, glad I bought it.
Thought this would be better. Just another remake.
This movie is fun to watch but very predictable. Not bad if you really liked the original.
Sticks to formula of first movie. Aliens arrive and start destroying cities. Main difference is a little more insight into the alien mythos and their purpose for conquering other worlds. Enjoyed it for what it was with plenty of explosions and special effects.
As far as the quality of the Bluray, the movie looks and sounds great. As far as the movie itself, definitely not as good as the original.
I would say this is about same quality as a normal blu ray . 3d isn't all that ..
Good movie just not as good as the original will smith could have made the difference
entertaining, but not nearly as good as 1st movie.
Fair story line with good special effects but the story is a little rough and the finish only fair. Rent this one and save your money!
Good movie with special effects. The first movie was much better, so if you have not seen it, best to watch that one before viewing the sequel. Sequel could have had more plot to it, but it is still an okay movie.
Didn't think this movie was as good as the first. With the improvements in CGI they could do things in this movie they couldn't do in the first one. I purchased this in 3D and thought the 3D was good. If you have Independence Day you might want this sequel. Wouldn't buy as a stand alone movie.
Alright movie but After many years, not what I was expecting.
This movie was a stretch and a few of the main characters that made the original are missing (Will Smith, Mae Whitman)
Teenage daughter wants to build her own movie collection but also wants to be able to view on her mobile devices. loves the blu ray with digital content too. best of both worlds. Movie leaves something to be desired...not close to the first movie. Daughter loves the actor though. too corny for me
it was a good movie but it needed something else to set it off
this was a good movie but i don't think it was as good as the first one
Not sure why they made a sequel to the first one to me it really wasnt that good could of and should of watched when it came to cable. Seems as if they threw something together and knew people would watch it because of the title
Add in a few new and a few old and retell the same story and bam sequel land.
Seems that it is just a remake of the original movie
Resurgence was an okay movie. The story was just a rehash of the original, but not in a great way. The original ID was much better. This is a rental IMO.
Had some good action and good ideas but lacked substance to the original.
Special FX were pretty cool but the story line lacked the charm of the original. Kinda seemed like they were trying too hard to make this movie.
This movie was okay if you are bored on a Saturday.
not as good as the original, but still a fun watch.
This is an ok movie. Still kinda entertaining but no way as good as the first movie. It's missing will smiths wit.
Liked movie not as good as original but entertaining
Had big hopes for this movie, hoping that this franchise could survive without Will Smith unfortunately It cannot. Decent story and Jeff Golblum funny as normal. Bargain bin material
I really loved the first Independence Day. I do wish I had seen the first movie right before watching the second movie. It would've helped me to remember some of the actors. The thing I missed the most in the second movie was the humor that Will Smith had in the first movie. But overall it was good.
Not a good as the first ID. Allot of duplicate scenarios but overall a decent production. They do not need to do a 3rd.
Independence Day was much better than the sequel Independence DayResurgence. The one positive was that it 4k HD blue ray.
It's an ok movie but def not as captivating as the first one.
The action was quite good and the effects are great. The story was a little weak but this is a good popcorn movie.
Will smith was missing but I thought the movie was okay
The movie did not match the hype. I was expecting more action given the 4K technology but the movie did not present it well in that respect. The action was weak, the plot was weak, that Will Smith's son would also be a captain and that a captain would be leading the forces to stop the invasion and that it takes the same method to kill them as the first AND that they let the biggest ship ever just float away. P I T I F U L
This movie is nothing compared to original. Bought to complete the set.
This movie was pretty entertaining. I think the first one was better but still entertaining.
Good movie, but I probably should have rented, rather than buying, but hopefully will watch again at some point.
Original Independence Day with Will Smith was better. This movie is entertaining.
Not bad for a second go 'round with the aliens. The original is still better.
Not as good as I expected. I guess the first one set a high bar. This had to much cgI for my taste.
There are some good performances - Brent Spiner in particular - and the special effects are good, but the story is weak; I did not find the film particularly engaging overall.
Not quite the fun ride the first one was, but worth a viewing.
Pretty good, but not as good as the original movie.
The movie was not as good as the first, but ties in with the first. The movie was okay
it was an ok movie . def not as good as a the frist
Didn't get to see this movie at theatre. Special effects were ok but not as good a movie as first one.
The movie is just about OK. The previous episodes were much better done.
The first Movie was better, more action. Still ok movie
This movie should have been a monster thriller. Very lack luster and only worth a rental
Somewhat entertaining. Had so humorous parts but not something I would watch again.
Lots of action, however, storyline a bit rushed with corny similarities to first movie.
It's nothing compared to the first one. It looks great in 4K but the movie doesn't live up to the series name.
I hoped for more in this follow up to a good movie. Not enough character devolpmemt. Storyline needed more original ideas.
I purchased the movie in hopes that it would be good based on the actors...sadly I was wrong. With a bad script...it was like putting lipstick on a pig. The explosives were good...that's why I gave 3 stars. Save your money and rent it.
This wasn't a bad film but it wasn't great either.
My husband bought the movie thinking it would be a great movie but I have to say the first one was definitely better.
I did like to see the some of the original cast members but of than that it was okay.
Should just stick to the original version. It wasn't awful, just not much different.
Decent movie. But not even close to the original. Casting not the greatest.
The movie itself takes place 20 years later from the original, which tells you that the special effects are going to be better but some totally unreal scenes and acting that fair at best I give it an average rating
I enjoy this movie, but I think I like the first movie was a lot better.
It was on sale and a cheap 4k movie to pick up and watch one night, but 3 stars is generous.
Independence Day was a great science fiction movie, but the sequel falls short. I didn't see it in the theater, & buying it during release week at Best Buy was cheaper than going to the movies . The movie is alright, & is still fun to watch. Don't have big expectations though.
Being a an of the original Independence Day film I was disappointed in the sequel. it was like the original script was used and no draw to the movie very bad remake
movie is not bad, it's alright. it could have been done better and less predictable, bought it to add to my collection.
This was typical of sequel attempts, bombard you with special effects and action.
It was cool to see the characters back for another movie. It was super predictable but had great visuals. A great 4K movie.
The plot was awesome but the acting wasn't. There's a wide gap between it & the original.
The problem with this movie is action doesn't start happening till way late in the film, and it's very boring at times.
Why would y'all move on without will smith! Would have been better with him in this movie....
So it took 20 years to get a sequel and we get this, no Will Smith and most of the main cast from the original killed. So average film from what should have been better.
After 20 yrs of course, graphics better; expected story line, done with the next generation.
While I thought with this being a new movie, I was hoping to be blown away by it in 4K. However if you are wanting a true 4K UHD first movie, I'd recommend picking something that has HDR on the box.
Don't expect Oscar performances in this flic but it's sort of a fun movie. Nothing to go crazy about though. The CGI is good but there's nothing totally new as far as the story goes. Aliens invade, humans fight back. Meh...
I liked the original and this sequel started off okay. However, as the movie progressed, the storyline got weird and confusing.
Enjoyed watching the anticipated alien return movie. Hope final scenes revealed future movies already in production.
Some sequels just don't have that same impact like first, this was one of them. Characters a little weak, story line just didn't grab you.
This move had a lot of misses with out some of the bigger players from the first and the one they did use should have not bothered to act in this film.
Movie was fun to watch because of all of the original characters, except for Will Smith, but story was too complicated.
Not as good as the first one but most sequels aren't but still a good movie
Movie was ok but lacked any original ideas. Nice idea that could have used a better execution.
The picture and sound was great. The movie was average. Not as good as the first one.
ID4 was a fun movie full of action and humor...the sequel not so much fun but still thrilling. Also the steelbook is very nice and slick. It looks great.
Good movie, should be watched by everyone, recommend it
If you enjoyed Independence Day, you are almost obligated to watch this movie. The movie is what you would expect as a sequel to Independence Day.I want to give it a higher rating, but I think "Average" is the most honest rating I can give.
Not as good as the first movie, but was worth a watching.
Loved the special effects. I expected more. It was hard to live up to the first one. There were some parts of the plot that were really difficult to follow.
I think this movie could have been so much better.
I found it just unbelievable. The actors and special effects made it fun to watch.
Was alright, but story was flat. More like they tried to repeat the original but made everything bigger.
I enjoyed the effects in the movie but the plot line and acting wasn't great. I didn't expect oscar performances, but was a little let down.
I bought this on a whim when I got a 4K player wanting to see a movie with great special effects on it. Stunning visuals, movie was just ok though.
predictableflashycorny at timesbut still watchable.
Ok its still fun.... its silly... heavy CGI... over the top... but grab a bowl of popcorn and enjoy
Good keeping with the plot line from the previous movie, but did not quite meet expectations.
Do not compare this movie to the original one. They are nothing alike. The only thing that it has going for it was the action. That it....
First one was better but this movie is well worth the watch a must have for my collection.
Nothing like the original Independence Day... But not awful
Great depth on scene but not pop out 3d, watched on samsung d8000 calibrated. The story is overall alright
It was ok, similar to the original in some scenes, good effects.
It was an overall ok movie. It just took FOREVER for them to build the plot.
Was somewhat disappointed in this sequel...probably too little too late...I would not buy unless on sale ($16 or less).
A follow-up to the original Independence Day continues the story 20 years later. Not as good as the original.
Not bad. But also not good. Mindless workout for your system. Leave your brain at the door and pop some popcorn. This is definitely not the first movie. It lacks everything the first one had. Mystery. Emotion. Shock value. In this one, we've already seen big ships. We've already seen the aliens. So there's no real connection here with this installment. That doesn't mean that it is all bad. However, there are definitely some missed opportunities. I wanted more examples on how the alien tech advanced human technology. I wanted more origin of what and where these things come from. More of their advanced tech maybe and what made them ticks. As it is, now I just see them as walking bees. Now for the good. The action is adequate and will give your system a workout..sometimes. The picture quality is pretty good and the effects are good as well. I just wished there was more. There is only one city destruction as a whole upon arrival and that's pretty much it until the climax at the end. And there will be a third installment. Will I watch it? Sure. Should you? Well, yea..if you want to find out where it all ends. One thing is certain: This movie definitely made me want to spin the first one again, and I still enjoy it more than this one. The first one was a whole story by itself. This one...well...we will just have to see if the story is worth 3 movies. I just hope it won't be ID4 Finale. Part 1. and Part 2. That would be just too much milking.
Not too shabby. It was exactly what I expected. I did like the first movie more and I would have liked to see Will Smith do at least a cameo. The main guy actor was pretty good. Overall the movie was worth watching but maybe not worth buying.
The movie had good action and special effects. Just missing that leading actor..
Wish they would've done the sequel earlier. And it's too bad that will Smith wasn't in it. But it was entertaining and good action sequences. Good video quality too
was not as good as first ID4. which was really good
I watched the whole move and it kept me at the TV.... Loved it bust was just not as great as the first.
I like this type of movie which is about aliens and high tech
So overall this was an enjoyable watch, but more a Netflix/redbox type movie. I bought, watched and doubt I will watch again.
Not as good as the classic, don't expect too much and you will enjoy the movie.
This movie is ok. The special effects are great but the plot is a little all over the place.
Best buy supercedes my service expectations as always, however the movie itself was not as entertaining as the first. Worth one watch, but not to own.
This movie good. Not great. Thought the original was better.
It wasn't as bad as some of the reviews stated, but this sequel really wasn't necessary
The storyline carried through decently. It was a good family movie. Very entertaining.
We played the BluRay of this and the audio kept cutting out. I had registered the digital copy of the movie so we ended up watching the digital copy and later returned the hard copy for replacement. I haven't played the replacement yet so I do not know if the problem we reoccur.
The idea of the movie was quite good, the CG was excellent, but the characters were weak. Still it was a fun movie to watch, just not as often as the original.
But that's what makes it great. If you like the first you'll like this one as well
This was a last minute purchase. The movie was okay but doesn't compare to the first one.
It was great for special effects but story was a little lacking
Sequels rarely live up to their predecessors, in my experience - and this movie fits that pattern. It's decent, but less interesting.
Movie is just okay. It is not as good as the original.
This is a fun film, but definitely not the original. Sorely needed Will Smith!
It has some interesting concepts but borders on the edge of believable. However that probably should be expected for a Sci-Fi.
Nice they had some of the original actors from the first one. This movie seemed kind of Juvenal with the new actors.
It was just so so, with some very good special effects.
The movie was ok but not great. Predictable story line good special effects.
I enjoyed the original better. This was just a redo.
This movie did a good job following up with the block buster hit from the 90s. It would have been better if they would have found a way to incorporate the character played by Will Smith in the original. His absence is felt in the sequel. Aside from that, visually it is stunning and exciting from start to finish. If you are a sci-fi junkie this movie is worth seeing...
Movie moved too fast for covering the all the actions and plots. Liked the 'doctor' the most. Again, humanity is saved.
The special-effects are the same as the first one but used in a list realistic matter . The movie did not live up to the hype but is OK to watch with popcorn I don't expect the same level of excitement that was experienced in the first version of this film. I'm going to recommend this movie only because it was entertaining if you're able to ignore significant plot failures.
Not nearly as well done as the first but still worth watching
Got this because I loved the first one. Not as good but ok to watch once.
I'm a sucker for next chapters. Of course, I saw this because the first movie was so fun. This one, not so much. As they've said, Will Smith definitely dodged a bullet with this movie. Since 20 years passed since the last movie, it's like I've seen this so many times already.
There are some excellent sequences in this movie, but it strays from the action occasionally.
This sequel is ok, not as creative as the original.
This sequel was not as good as the original movie.
Couldn't wait for the sequel. Great action. But it was as good as the 1st movie.
Rare are sequels ever better than the original, movie is entertaining enough to watch and that's pretty much it
If you liked the original ID, Resurgence is worth watching but don't expect anything extraordinary. Gave it a 3 star because we like sci-fi action movies. Either way, get the BluRay or 4k version to get the most out of it.
This is nowhere near as good as ID4. I think they waited too long to make sequel to this. I remember going to see the movie when i was 12, and being on the edge of my seat the whole time. But this just ehhhh. Nice visials on 4k though.
It wasn't horrible....Not what I was hoping it would be
The steelbook looks great but the movie leaves a lot to be desired. All flash and little reason to care.
If I had to grade this movie, I would most likely give it a B-. Script is not the most original although effects are good: what one would expect from a modern movie like this. The original version is much more compelling than this sequel.
so much to set up with character stories and background to each character that this was basically just a action movie from start to finish with little story line..... guys movie definitely ;
GOOD ACTION MOVIE IF YOU ARE ACTION MOVIE LOVER. MUST SEE MOVIE.
She is into sci-fi. Saw in the theaters, wasn't planning on buying it, but it was on sale and she will enjoy it.
I liked the movie but clearly not as good as the first one.
Golf work on images And increble soundLove it love it
The plot makes sense: Following the invasion of 20 years ago, humanity has salvaged and taken advantage of alien technologyfully integrating it into their society. But now the aliens have returnedbigger and badder than beforeand it's up to Jeff Goldblum and company to yet again find a way to repel the invasion.The problem with "Independence Day: Resurgence" is that, well...we pretty much know what to expect. Since 1996, we've seen many movies like this, and lets face itthis is a sequel long overdue (if there even needed to be a sequel). Just like in the original, this is a disaster movie with sci-fi icing...in other words, it's mostly about the human drama. It's PG-13, there's a lot of hokey dialogue, forced relationships in a futile attempt to make us "feel" something, and in the middle of it all there's...aliens. It also hurts that Will Smith is absent from this one...they got all of the core cast to return except himit's really a shame he couldn't have been there; it would have added more credibility to the production.Nevertheless, there are a few cool elements present here. The introduction of a huge "queen" alien is coolif a little unoriginaland this movie carries the core story in a direction that makes sense for the franchise. It might all be starting to get a little Starship Trooper-ish, but taking the fight to the aliens themselves next time makes sense. Let's hope they can keep it together if they do proceed with another sequel.
The movie worked great the picture on the Xbox is great just didn't care for the movie
Arrived damaged. Made with mdf and time will only when it falls apart. All 4 corners dented upon delivery. It's junk but it's mine now.
I bought this because I wanted to remove dry skin after this Oklahoma heat. It took care of the little bit of dry skin but didn't leave me soft like some other brands I use give me. I'll keep to the more expensive ones. And one detail ladies and that is to be sure to rinse your goody-bits excessively or they can get left to irritate your most sensitive skin! Hope this helps!
Okay for the price
Just not my favorite scent. My son loves it but my favorite is still pomegranate.
I have some majorly chapped lips, so I try about everything.. this would probably be fine for most, but like I said.. still searching for something better.
Smells nice but overall was just an average lipbalm. Did not moisturize the best and was pretty dull. Will not repurchase
Looks great but lacks some padding.
Very grown up movie not kid friendly i repeat do not show the kids. i enjoyed it for what it was and still laugh at the movie
This is not a kids movie!! Funny in parts, stupid in others. Depends on your frame of mind.
This is really wrong but the double entendres are worth seeing.
This Movie was funny as an adult. It needed more though.
Alright movie food or hot dogs talking what's new or next.
Movie was funny but the previews were the best. Worth watching the extras.
The last scene is a little overboard. Definitely not for kids.
for some reason I thought this might be funny. I guess if i was a high school student of in college the humor would be more interesting
I just got this film at random the price it self was okay
Not a huge fan of animated movies but we received it free from Best Buy when we purchased the new PS4 Pro. Don't see the correlation between the two but oh well.
If you liked This is the End, you'll feel right at home here.
I actually fell asleep for some but it was ok I guess
This is funny as heck,...really. Super naughty and very funny. If you have any sense of humor - you should buy this. It's very funny. Lots of jokes. It is funny - but not for little kids. Everyone else? Get this and have a friends night over,... it's sooooo good!
The graphics were great, and it was fun to watch for adults, but I couldn't watch it a second time, kinda corny.
OK I felt the previews were better than the movie after awhile it just got to be the same
Not as funny and as entertaining as I thought it would be
This is not the movie for you if you are easily offended. It takes shots at religion, race and sexuality. The movie had its funny moments but it was not enough to overcome its bad attempts at religious, race, and sexuality humor.
The idea was great, the story was not so much, but the comedy was worth it.
funny, but not as funny as I had hoped for.... good for a party filler
Sick but funny. Picture was stunning in 4k. Animation was not top notch which Is the reason for the 3 star rating
This is exactly like you would expect. Great for a 18 year old boy
I was actually a little disappointed by this film. There was a lot of hype behind it, and I'm a big fan of Seth Rogen and his team's movies. This one just didn't live up to my expectations. Don't get me wrong, still a good watch, it definitely had its moments. Very creative concept too!
Def not for the family as this animated comedy is lewd, crude and in your face with its no holds barred humor. Its enjoyable but not for everyone and def. not the funniest comedy ive seen, nor is it the worst.
Great movie.Sausage party is a funny movie that ...
Very funny movie. Was not exspecting some of the content
This movie was funny/unique. I'd probably only watch it once but I'm a movie collector.
I was expecting more from this very funny cast, but no such luck. Maybe if I still smoked weed
Was really looking forward to seeing this. Thought it was going to be hilarious. Was pretty disappointed. It had some funny parts but not what I expected or was hoping for.
Someone has a creative mind-not for sensitive people or children.
Where to begin... it's a movie created by Seth Rogan about food that is alive. Its no academy award winner, but if you are looking for a movie that will make you laugh and make you feel wildly uncomfortable (haha) at the same time, this is for you. If your into raunchy comedies, it's worth a watch.
Its alright but kinda Cornish... nothing special just an over explicit cartoon
It was pretty funny, it got a little odd towards the end but even those parts were good for a laugh.
I really enjoyed watching this movie. It has a lot of fun from start to the end. I highly recommend it!
When I purchased this movie I did not know if was going to be this adult themed! For sure not for the whole family to see.
If you like raunch entertainment this is for you. I'm thinking.... Middle School.
I like the movie. Was different. I know why wasn't for kids.
I felt as if I had lost brain cells after watching this movie. I would wait until it comes on TV to watch.
Sausage party is exactly that not intended for children
Great to watch for an over the top laugh. Not appropriate for kids
Definitely not for children. Lots of small hidden jokes to look for while watching
This movie is definitely different. Funny but incredibly dirty. Didn't expect that for a cartoon.
Not native 4k so more of a gimmick than anything. I would hold offor on buying any more of these "4k blu-rays"
This is a funny movie, if you like Seth Rogen, which we do. It isn't hysterical throughout but is entertaining. However, it was a bit expensive and my local Best Buy was out of the bonus tee shirts so I ended up returning it. May watch for it to get marked down and repurchase. The tee shirt was very cute, wish they had been available.
Social commentary overshadowed by literal food pr0n
Going into this movie, I heard a lot of people complain about the vulgar content. And while it was in fact vulgar, as someone who grew up watching South Park and Team America: World Police, I think it could have been worse (and it was worse when an early version of the film received an NC-17 rating). I think if you're a fan of South Park, Team America and most Seth Rogen films, then you'll probably like this unless you have a problem with animation. It's pretty much an absurd Rogen film with animated food products. The CGI in this is fantastic and the film feels like a Pixar production. I was hoping that it would be a bit funnier though. This would make for a decent rental or if you're bored and don't know what to watch, I would suggest giving this a shot.
You'll get a couple of chuckles, but it wasn't as funny as I thought it'd be.
I expected for this movie to be so good but it was kind of a let down. There are some really funny parts but for the majority of the movie its just slow and not funny.
Funny movie interesting story line not for kids lots of profanity and nudity in the movie
OK if you like raunchy comedys not that I have anything against them just that towards the end this movie goes a little too far but overall not bad
Movie was a bit more racy than I though it would be even though warning said said crude language. But that is just my opinion had lots of other choices I could have made.
All adult based humor. Pretty funny. Wife was not impressed.
The Movie Was Alright And The Acting Was Ok Too. B-}
This movie was very funny in the adult humor division
Animated movie for adults ONLY. Plot is unexpected, surprising and profane. Not as good as I was expecting, the story falls short and obscene at the end.
I would not recommend this movie to anyone it was not that good
I bought this movie for my son...laughs every time he watches it over again.
Very funny but not for kids different type of show
The Sausage Party movie was ok, the HD quality was great.
Good adult cartoon with a lot of subtle inuendo and sight gags, good for a laugh.
Crude comedy that is funny depending on your since of humor. Over the top. Buy a DVD not worth blue ray or higher.
Should of waited for it to come out on TV. Some of it was funny.
A lot of side wise humor and raunchy touch and go scenes.
Lots of adult humor, definitely not a kid movie! It was average, seen much funnier movies!
This movie is not ( I mean not for kids) Pretty funny but raunchy. Makes you think the next time you grocery shop
Funny movie a bit over the top. Do not let children under 14 watch.
The idea for talking groceries, and their mistaken belief that leaving the store took them to the Promised Land, is good. However, the idea was not executed very well. Plot could have been much better, but the writers and directors thought that a constant barrage of cursing would make up for a weak script. They were wrong. If you want to hear dialog where the F-word is uttered every other word, buy this movie. If not, look elsewhere.
Not for kids under their teens lot of bad words alright for preteens
Started off slow but it ended up being pretty funny. Best to watch on a boring night with nothing else to do...LOL
I enjoyed parts of this movie, but it certainly is not for everyone.
Funny, raunchy movie. I had very low expectations, so I was pleasantly surprised with how funny it was.
I guess I expected a little more comedy. I got less comedy and more raunch. I'm not against nasty, but too much nasty is too much nasty.
It is funny movie but not for little ones to view.
The movie is pretty funny and for an older crowd, but I would recommend.
WHAT CAN I STAY CRAZY MOVIE NOT FOR YOUR FAMILY JUST PLAN AND CRAZY..
Pretty much says it all. This movie was made by Seth Rogen and his crew. It's funny and stupid, inappropriate and gross, but isnt a bad way to spend 2 hours if you don't want to think anymore...
Esto es una película para adultos y tiene mucho doble sentido y a mi no me gusto mucho
With the cast of voice actors, I was a little underwhelmed with the comedy. Worth a watch, but not a movie I will watch multiple times.
We laughed all the way through it. It's great for a light-hearted, adult evening. Clever humor, but definitely risque.
not a bad movie definatly for adults has many funny parts
I think it is average. A good comedy is hard to make and if I could I would give this just shy of 4 stars. To error on the conservative side I will rate it three.
Got this on sale for 20 bucks. Its a really funny movie with lots of innuendos. Its the kind of movie that teens and twentysomethings will love and anyone older that that will even get a chuckle or two along the way.
My stepson purchased this and he rather enjoyed it. From what I've heard of it (haven't seen it myself), it's rather...out there. But he loved it a lot.
This Movie is not for Kids. Watched it once don't think I'll ever watch again
The movie was okay . I like to collect movies I recommend it.
I generally hate bathroom humour but this movie got quite a few laughs out of me. It definitely wasn't what I expected. Definitely a fun watch.
It was Ok. Based on the reviews I thought it would have more laugh out loud funny moments. I don't think that my demographic was the movies target audience.
Full of innuendo, but listen closely for the moral of the story
Enjoyable but if you don't like dirty movies, you may want skip this one. If movies like this don't bother you, you might find it fun.
Not for children. This movie was pretty stupid. Did have a few humorous parts.
Ensure you are looking at the rating. To much F-this and F-that for me.
This movie is not your regular animated movie that is viable for children to watch alone or as a family.
From the trailer I just thought it was an hour and a half of crude food humor and there is that, but also an interesting perspective about beliefs versus human nature.If you Like the comedy team ups of Seth Rogen and James Franco; you'll probably enjoy this movie.
Not for children, this is a adult cartoon and wasnt that funny
Some funny moments scattered throughout, but's it's as if they tried so hard to get an R rating that they lost sight of the goal.
What does one really expect from this crew...Better than this...
The movie is beyond vulgar and not even funny. dont buy it.
I had high hopes for this movie based on the previews, but it just wasn't that funny. There are a couple of moments that were mildly amusing, but for the most part it was meh.
It was an original storyline but the last scenes literally shocked me. Very funny
Well it's not the best movie but it's not the worst. It has a good cast and is pretty funny
Wasn't the worse movie I bought But the animation was very good.
Clever, weird, gross and completely dirty - this beautifully animated and smartly written movie is a must own. Not for kids, but for anyone with a dirty mind and a love of food puns. The blu Ray looks great, and there are a ton of hilarious bonus features. I only wish it had been released in 3D, so that we could be treated to a gorgeously layered 3D blu ray. But as it stands, this is a must own on its own merits.
This movie was funny, but not as good as I was expecting.
THIS MOVIE IS FUNNY BUT IT IS CERTAINLY NOT FOR CHILDREN. IF YOU FIND HUMOR THAT MAKES FUN OF DIFFERENT NATIONALITIES NOT TO YOUR LIKING THEN YOU MAY WANT TO SKIP THIS. IF YOU CAN LAUGH AT YOURSELF THEN THIS IS RIGHT UP YOUR ALLEY, OR AISLE AS THE CASE MAY BE.
I like Seth Rogen I'll pretty much get whatever he has out there I was hoping more for this one it's funny just not great
this is a very disturbed comedy but if you like that you will love this
I'm sure glad I have no kids that where around to see this movie, deferentially for adults only
Good movie for the ones that are into funny, sexy dry comedy.
Was good little funny not to funny though characters were good cast to
I'm so glad that my husband and I watched it together vs. my children seeing it first. There were moments that I felt uncomfortable and I'm an adult.
Wow this movie is crude. The jokes are very funny though
It is an okay movie not so funny. It is not a child movie!!!..
The movie had it's funny moments. This definitely is not for kids.
A great cast of characters but, definitely not for kids.
Really funny movie just not appropriate for young audiences a lot of adult humor.
No lie this is a R rated cartoon. One wild ride wasn't sure how I would like it. You just couldn't stop watching. It is rated R is all I can say
This movie starts off strong and seems to be good but then anyone above the age of 12 will start to get annoyed over the repetitive jokes.
Silly cartoon for adults not as bad as i thought it was goin to be
Fun movie to watch on the weekend with friends and drinks.
Sausage party is ok movie I was hoping for something better but it's watchable somehow.
Movie is ok, and I usually love these type of comedies. Animation is great, just not a great story.
Not a kid movie but still funny but wish I would have known it was rated R
movie ok but is not for kids to watch at all ................
saw it in theater. had some good laughs. wouldn't have bought it. got it free with my ps4 pro
The first computer generated animated R rated movie and it is pretty profane!
Never seen the movie, but I gave it as a gift to a friend. He was excited that the digital code that came with the movie redeemed for the 4k version of the film.
It was little too much for me to watch... I wouldn't be watching it anytime soon.
I didn't have high expectations for this movie as I feel Seth Rogan's movies are a ratio of 1:2 worthwhile. But this was an enjoyable surprise and funnier/more clever than anticipated and definitely worth watching again. It isn't just raunchy humor but also well developed and sort of sophisticated humor. Good buy.
Kind of a typical Seth Rogen comedy. Some great laugh out loud moments, some very (unnecessarily) vulgar moments and a lot of lull in between good parts.
I myself thought the movie was funny, but it is not a cartoon I would let my kids see.
Funny movie for adults.. I think this movie is out there.
Pretty good animated comedy, the ending is not the best but overall it's a funny flick
Very funny. But not for everyone. Need a unusual since of humor.
While the humor is adult oriented, and definitely not for kids, it manages to be an entertaining little movie with a nod towards religious ridicule.
This movie was hilarious, glad to own a copy for myself
It was a good movie, but not really needed to be seen in 4K.
This movie is not kid friendly.But is very funny and entertaining.
This is perhaps the most bizarre movie I have ever watched! There were times I laughed my butt off, and other times that all I could do was go, "WTF?!?" Somebody must have been fully loaded when they came up with this one. Some judicious editing would help this one a great deal.
Previews were really funny I wish I would've kind of waited till the price went down but my husband was inpatient and we went and got it and it was OK
Started out good but the ending was just over the top and too much for me.
Wish I had waited and read some more reviews before purchasing. Not as funny as I had hoped.
Sausage Party is a fun movie. I would recommend a watch.
It's like they tried too hard to shock you with the crude humor. They forgot the humor.
Now a days it is funny movie that just making you laugh your butt off.it the new day Frizt the cat!!! Very funny
Allright movie, cast was good, the movie wasn't nothing special. 6 out of 10
Got this as a gift with a purchase. Funny, but not my type of movie
This flick not for kids crude adult humor and the film could have been better. I give it 3 stars only
Movie is funny however vulgarity is in every sentence! Don't watch with young kids.
The movie was okay but not the best offering from Rogen.
Its a funny movie, but for adults not for kids. Enjoy adults
This movie was funny, however it is not the same movie I thought I was going to be watching, based on the trailer. That is both a good and bad thing. One thing I can definitely say for sure is that this is NOT a movie for kids. I know it has an R rating but I would stress that this is a very hard R rating. This movie is not necessarily a must own movie, but it is unique and original and it surely has plenty of memorable moments.
definitely not for kids! Bought this for my husband to watch. He thought it was funny!
This was a total surprise. Do not think this movie is for children. I'm a adult and I did not like it
I read reviews before purchasing this and knew it was not a kid movir. But OMG this was to much for anyone.
Pretty much what you expect it to be. Had its moments.
Not what I was expecting. Definitely not for young teenagers.
I have to be quite inebriated to enjoy this and when I am, it's wonderful.
Bought as a gift didn't realize it was rated r but the kids laugh
The movie is funny upon the first viewing. It relies heavily on pure shock value, and it works. However, it is ultimately forgettable and isn't worth a second viewing. As for the disc, it is fairly standard. Aside from HDR, it offers only a modest improvement over the standard Blu Ray. The movie was mastered at 2K. The 4K version is an up convert, offering slightly more detail and better color.
This was a very humorous movie for adults and possibly teenagers, but as for children 14 and under, I wouldn't really recommend this movie to them. It has a lot of adult content. I liked it, but would not allow my 12 year old to watch it.
Funny movie, but if you are easily offended at all, don't do it. Lots of religion jokes.
The show had many funny parts, but it seemed that the gratuitous language was placed in there for shock value. It didn't add anything to the story at all. It's worth watching once. Maybe twice. But the gratuitous pleasure scene seemed for no other benefit than to say, Hey! Look what we can do!"
This is definitely not for kids ....Kinda funny though
Wow, I knew this would be a raunchy movie, but this was WAY WORSE than expected. It was pretty dumb humor and spikes of funny, but towards the end was an all out soft P scene! I can't believe they made that! My teenage kids have begged me to let them watch it but I told them there is no way until they are at least 18 and not in my home!
Crude humor, funny, but not as funny as I was hoping.
Not as good as I thought it would be, not as funny and I feel like I paid for a tshirt.
Movie had some funny parts and not so funny. I'm not a huge Seth Rogan fan to begin with, but it wasn't terrible. The ending to me was hilarious
Not what I was expecting this movie has a lot of adult content
The movie has funny parts but, overall is pretty slow. I think Seth Rogen did better in Paul with Simon Pegg.
Funny but not an appropriate movie for children to watch.
There's a lot going on with this cartoonish adult adventure. My kid saw the cover of it and wanted to watch it really badly, but I'm glad I didn't let that happen. If you're in the right mood this movie is fantastic, there's a deeper level to it than just all of the inappropriate humor and swearing. I laughed quite a few times.
I usually like Seth Rogan films but I only got half way thru this one. Just wasn't that funny.
Movie was ok nothing to write home about added to my collection anyway
It was just ok only watched the whole thing to if it could get anymore obnoxious Came free with my PS4 pro
It was an ok movie. Kinda funny, not for children.
Movie was funny, but definitely wouldn't watch it with anyone young!
Not for the kids, very adult in concept and was still good
While I have not seen it myself the person I bought it for was very excited.
This movie had some funny moments. But all in all not as funny as I was expecting it to be
I was funny but not my kind of movie. Was ok but not great.
Raunchy entertainment if you go into it without large expectations.
Good movie but definitely not for children under 16.
got i lil stupid at times , not for everyone ,takes a bit of humor in your system to get thru it
this cartoon is just as nasty as you would think not for kids period
Entertaining movie and hilarious worth a watch with a good value
Esto es una pelcula para adultos y tiene mucho doble sentido y a mi no me gusto mucho
The tower fan seems good, but lacks power. It is silent and has many modes of operation. I returned it and will look for a better one.
Kinda easy to assemble! The reason I bought to have in bedroom so I can use remote while in bed, well remote doesn't work unless your STANDING in front of it! What sense does that make!?!
Wish it was a little taller, as it is perfect for average couch and bed levels, but too low if you have a higher than normal bed or couch....
This is fairly quiet but vibrates some on solid wood floor. Should be fine on carpet
It is good quality and I am very satisfied. It is not as quiet as I hoped it to be.
Remote for s small, easily lost. And it's clicks when rotation. Not Everytime, just at random
I had the two previous versions and returned it twice. The defect was that the bottom part would break off. The new model fixed it and we have no problem with it. It works well but it doesn't compare to a vornado.
Love the fan itself, but the remote that comes with it doesn't work. Other than the remote an excellent fan and would recommend to anyone.
I like the fan very much, but i expected more from the fan for the money that i paid.
Its ok not the best but helps with the LA heat good for a small room
I had the much older model and it was similar but much more forceful. Also this does not come with a filter as previous model. So cleaning the plastic blades is extremely difficult and tedious.
I don't feel a real cooling breeze on a humid day. Although it looks very. nice I would get a different model. If you wanted to simply circulate air in small space then ok. This is a whisper quiet item and power lacking.
It's not exactly too quiet unless it's on a very low setting
It does what is meant to do, it blows air. I was hoping it was quieter. For being called silent when is set to high I can hear the fun motor from the adjacent room.The other thing is the remote control works of it's no too far and in direct sight of the IR receptor. Some times I get tired of playing with the remote and just walk to the unit.The only reason I'd buy something like it again is for the space savings and the aesthetics, otherwise the pedestal ones would serve the same purpose for half the cost.
As far as fans go, I'll say one thing, it's quiet. This fan isn't the most powerful. It's remote is handy, but doesn't seem to always work on the first couple of clicks. It does accomplish what I was looking for in a fan, its tall and it's footprint is small In a smaller room. Again, it's quiet.
The air is not good. Even at full speed it's not provide cooling
Since is quiet it not generate a lot of air. Not good for MIAMI heat
Cools great and quiet while running. Is very sleek and doesn't take up a lot of space.
I like it but i dont like the fact that it wont spin when is on high speed
I like that it rotate have different settings states of the art but the air is not cold
Fan doesn't give much air but it's good enough to remove some heat
Does the job as a fan. However it sometimes makes a squeaking noise when it oscillates.
Very quiet fan but it's not very powerful. Good for smaller rooms but not to cool a big area.
Overall, enjoyed the fan but too my room was too hot and couldn't enjoy it enough.
Great kids movie me and my son will be watching!!!
different kind of monster which was fun to see and how the main character deals with his new friend
I would like to watch this with my grandson. He loves to go to monster truck shows.
movie is ok for kids and family worth watching once
Kind of a low budget, but fun movie to watch with the kids.
It was a good movie to watch with my grandkids on a weekend.
Monster Trucks is an ok feel good kids movie. Not bad.
The movie is not one to go crazy about it, but it has its moments and the plot is very clear. CG views are very good.
If you're over the age of 10 or 12, this is probably not that entertaining
Kids was excited a lot laughs and width eyes big kids would like it too
Idk it is a Nickelodeon movie it was ok a rent not buy!
Tries to copy E.T. but not by any stretch. Fun to watch though.
It's a good family movie, it could have been a little more funny.
Was well done for a kid movie. the monster was different
What can I say? Typical teenager movie. Check your brain out and enjoy.
Cute movie. Kids love it. They ask to watch over and over.
Great family movie. It is hard to find movies that my 15 & 5 year old enjoy. This movie does that.
If you have kids, they might enjoy this. It was kind of cute, but I was expecting more.
Not a bad movie Not what I thought May be good for kids
But I didn't I'm also 35 so I thinks it's understable but I actually love kids movies just not this one
My 2 and 4 year old kids love this movie. Pretty decent for adults too.
Great taste and relatively filling, but more calories and sugar than I would prefer.
I am SAP professional, I choosed this product for Sony brand and trust and it works also for listening music but sorry to say not good for taking call, I used to take business call everyday and wondering how Sony can forget to add a simple button for mute. Mute button is very missing makes less useful for call, this is wired. During running you have to stop and adjust headset.
Sony - XB70BT Extra Bass Wireless In-Ear Headphones Audio quality is very good and it is not the best one. If you like heavy Bass, you won't be disappointed with these headphones. Setup is very easy and able to pair with phone very quickly using bluetooth. The call quality is not great with these headphones. The neck band is not good and it does not fit securely on your neck while doing exercise. If you are going to use it for listening music, it will work without any issues. I have listed some of the features below.Dynamic sound - EXTRA BASS sound brings extra low end punch to all your music.Wireless freedom - Bluetooth connectivity and a nine-hour battery life for all-day wireless listening.Big beats on tap - EXTRA BASS sound has enhanced low frequencies, so beats are powerful and punchy.Remote control - Convenient buttons let you control calls and music playback without touching your smartphone.Long battery life - The built-in battery gives you nine hours of wireless playback, so you can listen all day.
The sony extra bass XB70BT is a around the neck wireless headset that offers sound pushing bass with HD voice quality for cell phone talk. Right out of the box one of the first noticeable thing was the quality of the band. The band that rest around your neck appears to be a flexible silicon base product. While this may seem ideal in the way of sturdiness this tends to be a nuisance for those seeking to do heavy workouts or running. The band has no rigidity so you are able to twist it and even lay it flat on the table in a straight line. Paring the device is easy and just takes a matter of seconds all you need is a device which offers Bluetooth, which basically covers almost any current product made now. I decided to take this product to the gym to see how the head set would hold up in some high intensity workouts. One of the first things i noticed was it did not rest around my neck in a position that allowed me to tuck it away under my collar line. In fact in my opinion it looked awkward and could not be easily displaced. As i began running i noticed the headset started to shift down to my left side making it even more awkward around my neck, i assume this was due to the fact that this side probably carried more weight and without the rigidity of a normal neckband there was really nothing there to stop if from sliding. Sony provides a clip that allows you to hold your earbud wires together and adjust there position but this did not help the situation too much as far as movement was concerned. As i began to sweat more i noticed the neck band became more unstable around my neck and slid around alot more easily. I did notice the earbuds did fit firmly in my ear canal and never once did i feel they were about to fall out. The ear buds come with three different sizes to fit all needs so you shouldn't have a problem fitting them. Aside from the awkward band lets talk about sound quality, after all that's what Sony is really known for. The sound quality was awesome. I am a big fan of products that can really push the bass out without taking away from vocals and my highs or mids. One of the biggest problems i have found with wireless headsets is there ability to put out some heavy hitting bass. Now while the more expensive over the ear style will do a better job, these headsets are definitely no push over. The sound quality significantly made up for the poor design. And while i wish the battery life would of been longer, 9 hours of battery life is more then adequate to enjoy some of the superb sound quality your songs will have to offer. At the end of the day this is a good headset for the price and the main reason for 3 stars is the weird silicon design for the band. The Good:-Awesome sound quality with superb bass that does not take away from the rest of the sound quality-9 hour battery life-HD sound and voice for cell phone talk-Affordable priceThe Bad:-Awkward band that at times does not feel secure
It does have a rather rich bass and it is more comfortable than most but I'm still to find an in-ear headphone that does not bother my ears after just a few minutes of use. This one takes a bit longer to bother me. Easy and fast paring. Unexpectedly, the rubber band strap around the neck is quickly forgotten which is a very good thing. But here is the bad thing about it: The mic performs poorly. Every time I make a phone call people keep asking me to speak louder which is very uncommon because I tend to speak clearly and at a decent volume level. If you intend to use it mostly to listen to music enjoying a good though not superb base, I would recommend it. But if you also intend to make more than just quick calls while talking very loud, I would say no to it.
This product is alright, I enjoy using the Beats wireless headphones a lot more though.
bought it today, heavy bass. high bass even after lowering bass level on mobile. this is for people who needs ONLY bass
Sound was good, but the earbuds hang extremely low. I returned them for different headphones that were more comfortable.
I ended up taking it back since the neck piece was lo ever then I liked. Although the sound was good.
Based on the great price, I purchased as a Christmas gift after seeing them advertised in Sunday paper. Didn't notice until I got them home they have extra bass. May be returning after the holidays.
Purchased this as I wanted to try a more comfortable audio headphone. Good length and great battery life. So it's we wonderful for listening to music. But when I paired it with my iPhone 7plus, I consistently get complaints about being hard to hear. Can't seem to find the problem. So not recommended for phone work.
These are ok. The bass boost on these are a little overwhelming in sound. I use these for phone calls on my iPhone 7. I have to keep the earbuds connected with the clasp otherwise when not in my ear they become unbalanced and will slide of my neck.
They are great for music but if you want some for talking on phone might try a different type of headphones because these don't fit the bill
I purchased this set during a cyber monday deal and they have good sound but I wish they where not as bulky
Good for music and but I have to say bad call quality my opinion
Name brand Sony. Was looking for something like this. Got a good deal, but when I paired with my iPhone 7, there were consistent complaints about low audio, so I would not recommend for use with a phone.
this headset has geat sound and was easy to hook up with my iphone.
I returned the item due to the lack of sound to the recipient caller. Great for music.
Great sound quality, but not very functional due to the design of the collar. Bought to use for running and travel, though they are not designed for aggressive movement or workouts. Cant beat the sound or bass.
The head set fit very snug to your ears so while noble they do not fall out.
sounds good but not too loud its a dual sound its ok.
I returned the headphones, they were too bulky and uncomfortable.
These Sony wireless earphones are pretty good and have bass.
The sound is much better than anticipated. However, I wish there was something that would keep it around the neck better as it tends to slide, which is somewhat annoying.
They're OK. The sound quality seems to diminish while in use, it could be my surroundings or digital quality of music. I haven't used the largest buds yet but the others don't stay in well while working out. I didn't realize upon purchase that the part that hangs around neck was flimsy. They have a decent sound quality though. They would be real good in a quieter environment where one is not exuding physical activity.
This was a decent headset for the price. Everything I used functioned properly before I decided to return. The sound quality of these, compared to others with a similar price tag, have a little more bass. I decided to return because of two reasons mainly. I like the LG line of headsets ability to retract the earbuds in to the neckband when not in use. I also wasn't a big fan of the control scheme on these earbuds. Having to hold down to skip and what not becomes a little tedious.Overall, if you don't mind that type of control scheme and style, these had nice sound.
Being the music lover that I am, I love the extra bass... But, the neck strap is not comfortable or stable and you run the risk of losing the earbuds. Lucky for me, I just wear them shopping and out walking.
I recommend this product. Works well, good for everyday use
Good sound but moves around the neck - doesn't keep where you want it.
The headset works well for phone calls and has good sound for listening to music. I actually passed these on to my wife for her use because they only link to one Bluetooth device at a time and I typically link to my S7 Edge phone and Gear S2 at the same time. A good buy if you are only linking to one device.
Got these for my mom. Decent headphones, wish they retracted
So gutted that i had to return them but i had no choice.For the last 9 years i've used nothing but Sony headphones and never been disappointed until i've bought these ones.Don't get me wrong, sound and mic quality are brilliant but the design of them is very poor.If you're not a very active person, this product will be perfect for you but if you're planning on using them for running, working out or anything that requires a lot of movement...they're no good.They have no structure to hold them in place, they jump and slide around a lot, they will fall off while laying on your back unless you use the little wire clip but it won't solve the problem entirely.Great for music and calls but annoying for anything else.Sorry Sony!
It gets the job done... I bought them for my husband and I could hear him perfect the first 2 weeks, now it seems like dirt got in the mic so it's fuzzy sounding.
Sounded good for the price but not nearly enough volume. Typical of most Bluetooth ear buds. Seemed like good quality
I was a little disappointed with the design of these head phones. I didn't like that they hung down so far and basically got in the way. I was surprised because I really love almost all of sony's products. The sound was good, just couldn't deal with them getting caught in everything.
These headphones are great in sound if you can keep them on your neck. Have a tendency to slide to either side and fall off. Connection was easy and sound was decent.
Got them on sale for $50. Good sound for the price.
I felt this is the best headphone which you can get for this cost. Only observation which i felt was, it is not very clear to the receiver sometimes. But, I would recommend it for this price.
at the time of purchase, i thought they would be solid frame, and then the ear buds were flexible. this is not how they are. this could be from me not reading much about them before i purchased them. the sound is good, but running with them in the ears isn't really comfortable.
Listen to music on the go with these Sony wireless headphones. Their Bluetooth connectivity lets you stream music and take calls from compatible devices, and the built-in battery provide
Haven't used them enough. I will give a more detailed review later
First I'd like that they fit well in ears. The big part with the controls hangs on your neck. I can connect quickly with my iPhone 7 but takes forever to connect with my iPod nano generation six, it's annoying. I have had six months now and I just noticed that when I touch the right part that hangs on your neck I hear static so might be a loose connection inside. Slightly disappointed as it's my first Bluetooth stereo headset doesn't seem to have the bass that a wired one does. Overall when the statics not there, the sound is good I may just have a defective one.
Easy to use and quality of sound for Music is great. Only problem is when we use it for calling someone, the other person does not get the high clarity in Voice.
I love the bass in these it's pretty good but that's about all I like. The design is not the best. Cords are to long and call quality is ok alot of echoing sound.
Sony - XB70BT Extra Bass Wireless In-Ear Headphones Audio quality is very good and it is not the best one. If you like heavy Bass, you won't be disappointed with these headphones. Setup is very easy and able to pair with phone very quickly using bluetooth. The call quality is not great with these headphones. The neck band is not good and it does not fit securely on your neck while doing exercise. If you are going to use it for listening music, it will work without any issues. I have listed some of the features below.Dynamic sound - EXTRA BASS™ sound brings extra low end punch to all your music.Wireless freedom - Bluetooth® connectivity and a nine-hour battery life for all-day wireless listening.Big beats on tap - EXTRA BASS™ sound has enhanced low frequencies, so beats are powerful and punchy.Remote control - Convenient buttons let you control calls and music playback without touching your smartphone.Long battery life - The built-in battery gives you nine hours of wireless playback, so you can listen all day.
Only has blu-ray disc, no dvd or digital included
It was entertaining to watch and the kids enjoyed it.
The older kids got the it but the younger kids not so much they asked lot of questions after.
The grandkids couldn't stay focused long enough to enjoy it
Overall this movie is good and my kids love it. The bad part is the digital copy. I already know this from past experiences but this movie, and other movies as well, only work with ultraviolet. If you have iTunes/Apple TV/iOS devices, this does not work with it.
This animation feature is a very cute and wholesome movie that a family can enjoy with very young children. Older children will probably get bored quickly.
My younger son liked the movie. It was pretty good.
Forgot all about storks. How baby's use to get her.
Ok movie, story line was a little too slow. overall a Cute movie
The movie is entertaining but is missing something
In 4K on a LG OLED EG9600 the picture quality was great. Kids loved the movie, for the adults the one funny scene was during the discussion of who was staying up late with the baby. Otherwise I could have done without it.The only thing about the movie is since storks stopped delivering babies, my 6 year old asked how did the babies get delivered when the storks didn't do it? Ummmm....go ask your mother. ;)
Definitely not a Pixar movie, but it was good enough to laugh!
A good movie for you kids with a very predictable plot.
Purchased as a Christmas gift for relatives. Not into kids movies.
My kids, like most kids, loves movies but this one did not hold their interest.
I found the movie to be okay. It had some very funny parts, but other sections we a little slow.
While a little strange and adults might think a little to silly it keeps children entertained.
It was one of those movies that the previews were pretty much all of the good/funny scenes. All in all it would have been better as a rental not a purchase.
Not the best animated film in the past few years but enjoyable.
This is a good movie for a family has some good humor and a good story.
Kids enjoyed this movie 5 and 7. Not the best for adults watching toobut not terrible
It was cute but I wasn't a huge fan. The movie was relatively predictable.
My kids watched it and thought it was just okay, not that good
Pretty good for kids!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My daughter is 9, and she really enjoyed this movie. In fact, she plans on watching it at her birthday party.
My kids liked this movie. I watched it with them, with higher hopes than delivered. It was ok for an adult
Better kids movies out there.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was good movie. My daughters loved that movie! They loved it.
Storks was an average kids CGI movie. It does not offer anything new to the market from the classic Disney, Pixar or Dreamworks films already out there. If the price is cheaper than your other selections, then pick it up as a filler. Otherwise, spend your money on one of the classics or better scriptd CGI kids movies.
Not for real little kids, story is a bit detailed..
It seems as if studios are rushing to bring graphic intensive movies to market. While this film is fun and light, one might ask if the movie was truly necessary to make.Fun movie, but it's no "Up" of "Wall-E"
I was disapointed in this one.. 3D looks awesome.. but the movie is almost unwatchably cheesy..
Good movie for kids. Missing key adult humor that keeps adults engaged. My kids loved it though!
The previews looked better than the movie turned out to be, but my daughter loved it.
It's just a cute and fun movie, perfect for family.
I didn't think it was for the whole family. It was a little too silly leaning torward the very young. Animation wasn't as good as most movies out today. Storks looked more like sea gulls.
OK movie for the kids. I enjoyed it as well. The story was a little hard to understand.
My grandkids watched mesmerized to the screen. I've seen better but bought for the kids.
I was very disappointed in this movie. Story was all over the place. It was difficult to follow and the characters were not as endearing as one would have liked.
Thought this would be a great film with terrific voice cast, but it did not meet expectations. The computer animation was the best part of the film.
I like to collect movies and I got for a good price .
It is a cute, entertaining, animated movie, no where near the funniest of 2016. Not bad mind you... drags a bit here and there. You may find yourself saying "Cool" in a different way afterwards. Still worth a watch especially if you catch it cheap.
My kids claimed to like this movie, but only watched it once since we've owned it.
Storks is a funny funny movie great for kids and us growup also.
I can't tell if this movie is a throwback to the non-message kids movies of my youth or just not a Pixar influenced film. It's good but a bit empty
Animation is exciting. Deals with kids reaction to getting a baby brother or sister is good. But Storks? Kids will like this though.
This was actually the first movie my four-year old twins sat all the way through in a movie theater, with their Grandmother. It was a little pricey, but made for a nice Valentine's Day gift. The animation is consistent with major studio CG-animated films, and while the characters are a little stereotypical, the offbeat premise makes it watchable. Again, more for kids, and mine LOVE it.
It's a good family movie but it could have been better.
It was a good movie for younger groups. I didn't enjoy it as much as I thought I would.
Movie for kids. I enjoyed though. Actually I gave it to my lovers child after I watched it.
We watched this movie on Redbox before we bought it and thought it was cute.
I usually rate my animated kid movies based on how well it keeps the attentions of the kids, myself, or both. I won't say I disliked it but it didn't seem to grab my attention into the plot of the story. My 4-year-old son lost interest as well about half way through so I'd say that it might be good for older kids (maybe over 7 or 8) but not for the younger crowds.
This was cute. Enjoyable for family. Kids loved it.
Cute MOVIE but not as good as zootopia, sing, or pets
Purchased at a great price. My teenagers were more interested in the movie than my toddler.
I see what Warner Brothers Animation is attempting to do here and I can dig it. After finding great success with The LEGO Movie and the fact they acquired the likes of Phil Lord and Chris Miller who directed 21 and 22 Jump Street (as well as Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs, to their credit) to helm that hit animated movie the thought of continuing to try their hand at bringing in R-rated comedy directors and seeing how they operate within the world of children’s entertainment is a ballsy, but interesting move. Much like with the case of The LEGO Movie Warner Bros. was likely hoping this formula might produce something both mature and goofy with the plus of remaining consistently funny throughout the majority of its runtime. It makes sense and what better way to test said formula than with the likes of Nicolas Stoller, director of such films as Forgetting Sarah Marshall and the two Neighbors movies, thus the reason we now have Storks. Because of this inclination to take someone known for one thing and put them just far enough outside of their element, their comfort zone if you will, I was inclined to be more interested in this seemingly agreeable animated family movie than I might have been otherwise. I love it when directors or studios cast an actor known for one type or style of work, especially comedians, and place them in a different setting where we see them challenged in new/different ways that usually result in a more fascinating piece of work by virtue of the outside influences and persona that performer brings with them. That is kind of what is happening here though maybe not to the extreme of, say, Jim Carrey in The Truman Show. Rather, Stoller is being challenged by the limits of a PG-rating and how far he can go with his comedy inadvertently forcing him to be more creative with how he comes up with the laughs needed for a 90-minute children's film. And so, how does all of this hype and build-up effect the final product? Well, in many ways this is a disappointment when considering the potential the film had considering the interesting premise, its insanely talented and funny voice cast, and of course the presence of Stoller in the director's chair. Instead of producing anything unique or of distinguishable value Storks more or less plays by the rules of Pixar and DreamWorks movies where the narrative sees a couple of characters going on a quest to achieve a goal that will allow them to discover new things about themselves along the way. There's nothing especially wrong with this structure especially when executed in fun and interesting ways and Storks certainly has its quirks, but more than anything the film feels far too routine to be a product of someone who should have really been challenging themselves.
These are the kind of big-budget animated films that are supposed to please both kids and adults. Well, kids will probably love it, but I found the main female character incredibly uninspired and boring. There are some laughs to be had, but overall this was a disappointment.
This is a cute and funny story about where babies come from -- or used to come from (be prepared for possible questions afterwards!) Well voiced characters (Andy Samberg, Katie Crown, Kelsey Grammar)
A Good, but not great children's movie that can be enjoyed by all.
Not for kids. Disappointed in the movie. Not that much fun.
My kids enjoyed the movie. For adults there are moments of humor.
Not a bad movie, but not as good as i thought itd be
really nothing special, but it is a cute movie, fun to watch.does not have the great story lines like the old Disney movies.
The movie was okay but dragged in several places. My grand kids lost interest in part of the movie.
Entertaining to a 2 year old. Kept her attention most the movie.
It was okay, but I really wish we would have just rented it instead of buying it.
Cute family movie to watch but not my top suggestion.
Has a good running story line. Characters are entertaining.
I like it but I was hope it would be better and have more story line.
The movie was cute but not as exciting as I imagined it. The kids enjoyed the movie but didn't stay as focused on it as some of the Disney movies.
Very cute movie and story the whole family can enjoy.
I see what Warner Brothers Animation is attempting to do here and I can dig it. After finding great success with The LEGO Movie and the fact they acquired the likes of Phil Lord and Chris Miller who directed 21 and 22 Jump Street (as well as Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs, to their credit) to helm that hit animated movie the thought of continuing to try their hand at bringing in R-rated comedy directors and seeing how they operate within the world of childrens entertainment is a ballsy, but interesting move. Much like with the case of The LEGO Movie Warner Bros. was likely hoping this formula might produce something both mature and goofy with the plus of remaining consistently funny throughout the majority of its runtime. It makes sense and what better way to test said formula than with the likes of Nicolas Stoller, director of such films as Forgetting Sarah Marshall and the two Neighbors movies, thus the reason we now have Storks. Because of this inclination to take someone known for one thing and put them just far enough outside of their element, their comfort zone if you will, I was inclined to be more interested in this seemingly agreeable animated family movie than I might have been otherwise. I love it when directors or studios cast an actor known for one type or style of work, especially comedians, and place them in a different setting where we see them challenged in new/different ways that usually result in a more fascinating piece of work by virtue of the outside influences and persona that performer brings with them. That is kind of what is happening here though maybe not to the extreme of, say, Jim Carrey in The Truman Show. Rather, Stoller is being challenged by the limits of a PG-rating and how far he can go with his comedy inadvertently forcing him to be more creative with how he comes up with the laughs needed for a 90-minute children's film. And so, how does all of this hype and build-up effect the final product? Well, in many ways this is a disappointment when considering the potential the film had considering the interesting premise, its insanely talented and funny voice cast, and of course the presence of Stoller in the director's chair. Instead of producing anything unique or of distinguishable value Storks more or less plays by the rules of Pixar and DreamWorks movies where the narrative sees a couple of characters going on a quest to achieve a goal that will allow them to discover new things about themselves along the way. There's nothing especially wrong with this structure especially when executed in fun and interesting ways and Storks certainly has its quirks, but more than anything the film feels far too routine to be a product of someone who should have really been challenging themselves.
Nice looking nails without any drying time.
Received this for free in the Influenster Spring Vox Box. Looked lovely for three days, but started falling off after the third day. Chipped when I tried to remove them, and the white part smudged during removal, so not reusable. Fine for a couple days or a special event, but not reliable.
I got these sent to me from influenster in the spring fling vox box. I've tried them before, they are amazing! Looks like I just got them done in the salon, but for only 5 bucks! Their great for when your in a hurry an don't have time to go to the salon but they do not last very long.
I got this in my spring voxbox for testing purpose thanks to the influenster team and I have to say it was God I just finished final on Thursday and the box arrived as I got home. My cousin was graduating by 6pm and I have to say I looked a mess. My nail were all chipped and nasty looking. This literally took me 15mins to put on. The most tedious task being finding the right one to fit ur nails. I would definitely be purchasing more of this for emergency purposes
I received these kiss nails for free in my Spring Fling VoxBox compliments of Influenster for testing purposes. and what I really loved about these nails is that they're easy to apply for a quick manicure. ALSO you don't have to be stuck sitting at the nail salon waiting for a nail technician or for your manicure to dry. This manicure can be done right at home and thats the beauty of this manicure. You could never get a french manicure done for this price at a nail salon so you're also saving a good amount of money as well.
This is the best product available. They last approximately two weeks when applied correctly. They look extremely natural and the sizing is perfect for me.
These nails are very pretty, convenient, and easy it apply but they do not last very long for me. They are great for those who don't have the time to go to the nail salon.
They felt clunky and like they were going to fall off at any moment. They don't look very real and I couldn't wait to rip them off
I don't wear fake nails that often. But i got these complimentary of influenster to try out. I like these nails and will buy again.
I have never used this type of product before so for a beginner it was weird and a little complicated but they do look cute, :)
Easy to apply and great for busy women!! Not expensive!
I was chosen by Influenster to try these nails out. I wasn't at all excited to try them because I like to do my own nails and press on's was something I have never been into. I had so many problems with these nails. The set I got was short which I thought I was ok because I had just cut my nails down to start over. But I ended up having to cut my nails almost to the quick to get them to the right length so they wouldn't look crazy. I hate having my nails that short because I hate the feeling. Next thing was gluing the nails on. This was pretty easy and simple. The hard part was sorting the nails to the right finger which got difficult when it came to my middle and ring fingers. But I got through it. After having the on and for less than 24 hours, the thumb popped off. This is why I never liked press on's. Through out the next two to three days, I had a lot of pop offs. All of them coming off while I was at work. Talk about embarassing. Once the end of the week came, I only had one still on. That was the thumb that had popped off at first. I guess I had to do double gluings in order for them to stay on. I did like how professional they looked. They looked real good on my hands but I guess the glue wasn't holding on. I didn't have to worry about chips from the paint or them cracking or breaking so that's good. But I didn't have to much of a good thing with them.
I was extremely excited when I received this product complimentary in my spring vox box from influenster. But, I was completely unaware how messy it was and how many bubbles would be in my nails from the glue! I only recommend these for one night or at most two. You definitely get what you paid for and if you're hoping to find something that will stay on longer I suggest you just go to a salon.
These nails were really easy to put on and they looked GREAT, but they didn't stay on very well. I am an active mother of two and within a couple days, 3 of the nails had broken or popped off during daily activities. Maybe I just needed to file more, but overall, it wasn't really worth it for me if I had to worry about whether all 10 nails were still in tact.
received this product complimentary for testing purposes from influenster and decided to use them. I'm not a big nail person but I work in a financial institution and thought it would look nice. It did and I got compliments. The only thing is they only lasted a day before they started to come off
I loved how the nails turned out. It was so easy to apply! I just wish it had a stronger glue. My nails kept popping off at work. But overall it was a good product. I would purchase again to put on for going out. I received this complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes.
Quite easy to apply with the glue that is provided. The box says real short for nail size but since the fake nail is much longer than my real nail I have to disagree on the size and say these are short medium length nails
I like getting my nails done at a salon but I never keep them on long. I like my nails short and these weren't as short as I would have liked but they stayed on very well. I received these free for testing purposes from Influenster.
i put these on and i loved the way they looked and were very comfortable to wear but only lasted about 3 days to be honest and that was after the firdt one i glued back on the first day then all just started coming off
I would use these as a quick fix for a special night out. They aren't practical for my job and they began to pop off. I found them to be very classy and professional looking especially for the price.
I have small fingers, like really small (size 3 wedding band and engagement ring), so I had trouble getting these nails down to the right size for my nails. I received, free for testing, Kiss Everlasting French in Real Short Length. The problem for me is that ALL my fingers required size 11 (which there are only 2 of), because my nail beds are longer and my fingernails are so narrow, and I had to do a lot of filing down. My thumbs were no problem. They were a good product, but probably easier to use for someone who has more normal/proportionate fingernails. Also, if you are just looking for a quick spruce up, for an event that evening, these nails are perfect. Don't start doing yard work or a lot of dishes, but they should have no problem hanging on for a few days if you aren't rough on them. Much better for your nails then getting gel or acrylic put on and (as long as you don't have to resize them all) a lot quicker!
I received the Kiss Everlasting French Nail Tip in Real Short length complimentary from Influenster in my Spring Fling Vox Box for testing and review and I was very excited! I haven't had my nails done in ages and I wanted my hands to feel pretty again. The problem is that even with excessive filing and shaping the nails did not fit my small and nearly nonexistent nail bed. Obviously not the fault of this product and strictly genetics but I couldn't even properly try them. When I did finally get one that would fit to my nails, you could see my very short nail through the very translucent fake nail and it ruined the effect. The nails popped off easily and within less than 30 minutes I had lost two nails, and more shortly afterwards. Again, not saying it is the fault of the product entirely but, I can't with good conscious recommend them to others, especially after browsing the reviews of others. Sadly this was a fail for me and most Kiss products I've tried in the past are great so maybe it's a fluke! Ether way, very grateful to Influenster AND Kiss for allowing me to test and review this product.
Kiss Everlasting French Nails. I have tried press on nails before and have never been to impressed by them. They fall off, look cheap and you can tell you didn't go to a nail salon for them. I'm sad to say that I haven't even painted my nails since I had my daughter in February. My nails have been nice though. Have the press on nails is like a little treat for me. I just feel better when my nails are done or painted! They were quick and simple to apply just find the right size apply the glue press and hold then snap off the little number tab and you're good to go. They look great, not cheap and took minutes to apply rather than a long time in the salon. Now it may just be that I didn't sit long enough before I started doing stuff with them but I did have two pop over that I had to reapply. They were easily out back on though and I haven't had any come off since.
I got these nails in the mail complementary for testing purposes from Influenster. But even though I got them complementary I wasn't too impressed with them. Yes they have a nice look (they're beautiful!) and they are easy to apply (if you are able to put them on without gluing your other fingers together) but they don't last. It says on the instructions that they are supposed to last up to 10 days, but mine only lasted for three. Each day one or two nails would come off and I would have to re-glue them back on one by one. Finally, I ran out of glue and gave up. Now I might have been putting them on wrong, but when I did first put them on I was thoroughly impressed with them and I thought they looked amazing (which they were). Remember to put on a clear coat after apply it makes they look so elegant.
I received this product as a free sample to review from Influenster.com. My previous experience with this kind of nail product made me skeptical but I tried it out and got a little better than I thought I would. Bottom line, if you have an event or something coming up and you don't have time (or money) to get your nails done this is an acceptable short term solution just don't go expecting your new manicure to last a very long time. My first nail popped off on the second day of regular wear, glued that one back down but the next more 3 others had popped off and there was no re-gluing them. Also, as with any nail product that uses adhesive this will tear some of your nail up so I would not recommend if you have weak nails or are trying to grow them out on your own.
Ease of Application: Once I found the correct nail sizes to use, the product was a breeze to put on. I did have some trouble with fitting my thumb as I have very petite fingers. It did seem a bit wider than my natural nail but went on easily. Durability: Very comfortable. The nails weren't overly heavy and felt very natural on. It almost made you forget that you were wearing artificial nails. I work in retail so I am constantly working with my hands and banging my nails on everything. I loved that the color didn't chip away. Usually salon manicures last me about a day, this one lasted much longer. Ease of Removal: I must have put too much glue when I used this product because I had a hard time taking them off. I had to soak my fingers in acetone for quite some time to get them off. Aftermath: I felt like my natural nails were a bit damaged from the press on nails. I don't know if that was ultimately worth the cost of a nice manicure for a week. Personally I think I rather have healthy nails and perhaps a bit of chipping, or healthy nails that I have to retouch every few days. Final Verdict: I don't think I would personally buy this myself, I prefer a bit more color on my nails. I would however consider buying their colored variety nails.
I received this product for free from Influenster for testing purposes. I've never tried press on nails before and was excited to try these. However, I don't think these are for me. I'm not at all saying this isn't a good product, because it is. The application is super easy (though the glue can get everywhere if you're not careful), and the longest process is probably figuring out the best size for each nail. The length of the nails are way too long for my liking, and these are the real short length. I like to keep my natural nails very short and the length of these interfered with just normal, everyday activities. I do think most people would like this length, though, it's just my own personal preference. I also prefer my nails to be more rounded as opposed to the squared off end. These nails are great for someone who wants a no muss, no fuss nail application for a good price. Though I will also add that I think every one of my nails has popped off within the past three days doing normal things, like opening a door, grabbing a water bottle and putting on a jacket. However, I don't know if that's due to my not using enough glue during application. I won't be repurchasing these, but I don't think this is a bad product. They're just not for me.
I received these nails for testing purposes, complimentary of Influenster. I had never tried fake nails before, either through a do-it-yourself kit or at a salon. This was my first time. Although I did like how the nails looked on me, I did not like how they felt. To me, they felt heavy and bulky and the entire time I was worrying that one of them was going to fall off... And it did. Four times. Within 18 hours. Once occurred within four hours. I was not impressed. It's not classy to walk around with one nail or more missing from your fingers. I do like that the cost of this set is fairly inexpensive and that they were VERY easy to apply, however, they are just not my cup of tea.
I don't wear nails at all. But I got these nails for review and so I put them on and tried them out. First they are super easy to put on. Glue the nail, glue your nail, and boom done. Really it's so simple anyone can do it. Let me tell you thought the gllue is some strong stuff. I had plans to take them off right after trying them out. The glue however had other plans, they are on there good and tight. Thankfully it didn't take much time to get used to the. So bottomline these nails are simple, and easy. Not to mention I'd gather the price is just right for someone who doesn't want to spend much.
I received these complimentary from influenster in my spring vox box. I never use glue on nails unless professionally done. These were super easy to apply and looked very natural at first. After a couple days they got air bubbles under them though... Lasted five days and then popped off super easy. Only major problem I had was my fingers and nails arelonger and even though I trimmed them short before application I could see my natural nail over the top of these real short length.
I received these complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes. These weren't curved enough to fit perfectly onto my nails. These only stuck to my nails by a strip of glue right down the middle of my nails. Obviously I applied the nail glue all over but since my natural nails have more of a curve these wouldn't stay down. They only ended up staying on my nails for 3 days. They do look nice and I would recommend them to anyone who has a flatter shape to their nails.
I received these complimentary through Influenster to test and review. I really like how classy and professional they look. After i finished my manicure, it looked as if I had just come from the salon. The key is to make sure that the nail you select fits your nail bed and that no part of the nail is hanging off the edge, this causes them to pop off easily. I really enjoyed the ease of putting them on and being all done in such a short amount of time.
I work in retail and as I wasn't overly impressed with these nails, they weren't horrible quality for the price. I am a beginner when it comes to fake nails and I don't think I applied the correct amount of glue for the product because they did not last long on my nails. Other than the lasting wear, the nails do guarantee a no chip french tip which lived up to the claim. I would recommend these for those who don't want to pay to go to the salon.
I've been a fan of Kiss' press-on products for a few years now so I was really excited to try their Everlasting French kit when I received it as a sample from Influenster. Since it was my first time using a glue-on style fake nail there was a bit of a learning curve but I managed to have both hands done in under 15 minutes and man did they look gorgeous! The main issue I was having was knowing just how much glue each nail needed to set properly. For the first few fingers I had enough to make them stick but you could see if you looked at them closely that there were parts where no glue was. This also became a problem the next day when my 4 year old had a tantrum in a store and as I went to pick her up she caught one and it ripped off right there in the store. Ouch!!! After a day wearing them though I found that because my natural nails are VERY flat my fingers were all very sore from the pressure of the nails trying to lay curved. So I went and bought some acetone polish remover and spent the better part of an hour (we were watching a movie and it took more than 2/3 of it to get them and all the glue off). It was not my idea of easy at all. Not to mention the fact that it was extremely messy. So overall, while these are awesome looking and will last for days they might not be for flat fingered types or those who don't want to spend an hour getting them off. I would, however, highly recommend them for special occasions like weddings or as a budget friendly alternative to going to the salon for those who don't mind the removal process.
I like that they don't damage your nails like acrylic nails do. However, carrying the glue and extra nails might be a good idea. I found that out the hard way. A nail came off and i had no way of gluing it back. :( I plan on purchasing them when i need a Perfect Last Minute Manicure but will plan to carry the essentials in case of any mishaps. :)
The colour appeal on these nails is AMAZING. I loved the way they looked at first glance and was even happier when I took them out and started to figure out what sizes to use for my nails. I am not an expert by any means on how to apply fake nails, and while I found that application was a bit messy (it could be just me!) securing the fake nail to your nails was not. I love that they had a small tab which was very helpful in not touching the glue after it had been applied (That is some strong stuff, let me tell you). They were still a bit longer than expected, so I filed them down. But all in all it looks good.
I went to a sweet 16 and wanted my nails to look nice. i have a 1 year old and didn't want to go to the nail salon and get acrylic nails. so i got these nails in my springvoxbox. and it saved me from goign to the nail salon. they looked like i had.
easy to put on. if u use a lot of glue it'll pop out of the sides. the glue is VERY MESSY. got some on my fingers just by lifting the glue up and was stuck together, OUCH! i hate hate hated the bubbles it leaves :( trying to show off and it looks like bad. some popped off as the 7 day wear came along. tossed a pillow, pop. put on boots, pop. put down straighter, pop. they come with almost 30 so if one did pop off i glue another or if it didn't look bad just glue it back on. after the hole time i wore them they didn't chip ONCE! :) but still popped off a lot. i will be getting more just because my boyfriend loved the soft plastic feel rather then my sharp killers. maybe the bubble were just first time user bubbles but u gotta put the exact right amount of glue or ur in trouble
I really love the size and shape of these nails they look very natural. They are also thin enough to make them feel real. What I did not like about them was the application process. The glue was a little messy. I began to do them myself, but my friend helped me do my right hand. At one point her finger got stuck to my nail. 30 minutes after we applied them my thumb and pointer nail fell off. I glued them back on, and have not had them on for about 14 hours including a shower, and mopping. Overall I do like these nails, I just wished they would upgrade the kind of glue they provide, even if they are a dollar or two more.
Ever since I bought the new packaging Replenish my eyes have been very dry, red, and itchy. You say that the formulation has not changed, but I am very skeptical. Have been using for 15+ years and am frustrated to be having this problem now.
May I know what is the different between Opti-Free Replenish and Express
I have been using Replenish without issue for about 6 years. However, the new formulation rub version came out a month or so ago, and now due to the changes the contacts feel very different in my eyes. I'm experimenting with the older solution in one eye and the new in the other eye, and the eye with the new solution feels dry and heavy. I was wondering what changes you made I've tried Express and PureMoist in the past, but neither has worked for me -- both burned. Replenish is the only contact solution that's ever worked for me, and I'm sad you all changed the formulation. I don't believe allegations that you didn't, I can tell the difference!
I wear Air Optix for astigmatism. I have used Opti-Free Replenish for years and always wondered if there was something better. In trying PureMoist, I did not find that. My day starts just before 8:00am I'm uncomfortable and blurry by 1:00 or 2:00pm almost everyday. I'll switch back to Replenish for now and ask my doctor if he recommends something different.
I thought I was buying the no-rub opti-free express but I didn't. It is a pain to wash the lens in my hand, I just want to put them in and go. I would recommend the product, just not this one. I prefer the No-rub! Next time I'll read the label! Great brand!
I have been using optic free for 3 years now, it works good but i feel itchy in my lower eye lids, i think its posibbly due to the solution....i need some advice here
Did a great job
I noticed this product on clearance at a store I shop frequently and decided to give it a try. My husband and I LOVE it! We went back and bought every box left! I, like others have mentioned, am not sure what it is supposed to do other than be a lubricant but for that purpose we like it much better than regular KY Jelly (which tends to dry out and disappear for us). This product stays on for awhile and makes for a very pleasurable experience. The only drawback is that we find it to be a bit sticky. After applying it with your hands you're left with a sticky hand and I agree a little goes a long way! I personally have to be very careful with all products due to skin irritation and surprisingly this actually seems to help that. I did NOT receive a sample and never have.
I used this product a couple of times since i recived it free to try and it has been a good experiance it feel warm so its a pretty good sensation so i recomend.
Used a few times stays a bit sticky but not too bad, better than most products
Not sure how this works with clearing your complexion (been using for 2 weeks now) but does keep your skin smooth and clean.
Well, Johnson's need I say more I know, right. Ok, but I will. I have used Johnson's since I was a baby, yes it's been a long time. But let's get to the Chase, it's 2 in 1. Come on, who doesn't like 2 in 1 It's hard enough to get the little loves clean, so any help is always a blessing... So, Johnson's Bubble Bath and wash is a must have in this house!!!
Well, Johnson's need I say more I know, right. Ok, but I will. I have used Johnson's since I was a baby, yes it's been a long time. But let's get to the Chase, it's 2 in 1. Come on, who doesn't like 2 in 1 It's hard enough to get the little loves clean, so any help is always a blessing... So, Johnson's Bubble Bath and wash is a must have in this house!!!
The bubbles aren't over the top fabulous, but it smells good and makes the kids happy.
I ma using this for my baby when she is one month old. I don't like much fragnanaces hence i love it. I don't feel like using another one.
Lots of fun in the bath but have to use a lot to make it bubble! Nice addition when the kids don't want to take a bath.
Amazing product. My 3 years old loves her bubble baths.
Its keeps your face feeling moisturizer and soft and feels light weight on your skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It hydrates my skin. It is not too thick and heavy when I put it on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product goes on smooth and makes your skin feel great instantly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have tried other products and the Regenerist seems to be the best This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Really like the feel of the product and smooths all so well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
In only a week I can see the difference in my skin on my face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great product...no oily feeling...would recommend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is a wonderful product. The price is reasonable for a product that works as well as some expensive products. I like the results after using this cream. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I rally enjoyed the results of this product it has made a real difference in the way my skin looks and feels . I wish there was more n the container This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product had really helped my skin to feel soft and youthful again. Has recommended this product to friends as well. Will continue to use daily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product has made my skin smoother and supple after only two weeks. It absorbs well and leaves no residue. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this everyday under my foundation. I have noticed that my face looks younger I love this product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love putting this product on after washing my face nightly. It goes on smooth, is not oily, and makes my skin feel great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
the product has a great ability to smooth older skin and help with the overall feeling of hydration attached to the product This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love using after being in the sun and on the water all day along with daily use cooling and give moisture to weathered skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love these products, so creamy, they make me feel younger ,wish i had found them years ago . I would have never aged! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like to use this cream on my neck and collarbone to help keep my skin well moisturized, but it can be a little heavy for the skin on my face This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My skin is very dry and this really helps my dry skin on my face, only thing that works for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great hydration for the skin with a smooth non greasy finish. Fine for under foundation makeup. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Works great to smooth lines when perhaps you are a little more tired. Very smooth and creamy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
One of the best moisturizers I've ever used. It made my skin soft without a greasy feeling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this for two weeks and it worked great. My skin looks better then it has in years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wash my face, pat it dry and apply Olay Regenerating Cream and instantly feel the effects. My skin feel smooth and tighter. I've definitely noticed a difference after just a couple weeks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
42 and still being mistaken for early 30's! This cream keeps my skin so hydrated which in turn keeps my skin tight, wrinkle free and clear! I can't be without it! Trust me, my skin is so amazing and this is why!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Goes on smooth, absorbs quickly. Makeup applies well over it doesn't get greasy thru the day. When used at night it feels luxurious. The fragrance is a bit strong, but not overpowering. Would prefer unscented. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am one of those who has to try the next new thing. For all of those products, I have to say that I've only say long term change with the Olay Regenerist. Easy to get and afford. 5 stars is a miracle product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product for about a year. I haven't experienced an outbreaks, it absorbs quickly and I have seen a visible improvement in the look of my skin. It appears brighter and more youthful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I finally found a moisturizing product that will absorb completely and not leave my skin feeling like it's suffocating. I apply it, and it feels like there is nothing there but my skin looks smoother. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Deep hydration is necessary for aging skin and this product really keeps my skin looking more youthful. I've tried a lot of products and this works the best for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used this product for more than 4 years now. Its hydrated and causes no breakout on my face. I really like this product and will continue to buy and use it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this product for 2 weeks. I found my skin smoother and very silky. It doesn't have too strong chemical cosmetic fragrance but still fresh and pleasant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I hate to be picky, but who was responsible for the design of this product Push down on top of the package to dispense product from center of package... Even the directions are awkward! The cream is yummy, the design I really hate!
Feels amazing made my skin feel great and not dry anymore .
I have enjoyed using a variety of the Olay products for more than 30 years and consider them to be part of my life routine-wherever I am. As an international traveler they always make me feel like I am being cared for regardless of where I am. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Regenerist hydration cream is the best product I have found. It hydrates your face so that is feels baby soft, smooth's away fine lines. Fills in all the little imperfection's that you might have. I highly recommend this product for over 55. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is amazing it doesn't dry my skin of moisture.
I started using this moisturizer when my sister told me about it. I could feel my dry skin softening over a few days. It didn't hurt when I smiled! That alone was a good reason to try it. Now I will even smile deliberately. It is a good feeling to to able to show I am not a grump!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've tried many products including the over priced products claiming to work miracles. This product I like. It sinks into the skin and doesn't leave a shine. I would recommend it. I'll buy it again and since I like this product so much, I'm going to try some of their others in this line.
This truly is a great product! It has a very clean smell, and it actually works for Fine Lines wrinkles
Because they have use some kind of good fragnense in that
I have been very pleased with this product from Olay. It truly does moisturize my very dry skin. It is easy to dispense the product by just pressing on the top of the container, and dispenses just the right amount per press. I would recommend Regenerist Deep Hydration Cream to anyone who has dry skin like mine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My family is on a very tight budget, so spending 20 for facial cream was a big chunk out of my grocery . But this is well worth it. My rapidly maturing skin is getting smoother. I still have my wrinkles, but they are not so pronounced. I will watch for sales coupons, this is one product that I will keep using.
It smell just amazing and feels great on my skin and leave it feeling so soft.
I'm a 52 year old with dry skin and really need a cream that can hydrate me. when i use this cream i actually feel like me skin is saying Ahhhh. i'm really glad i found the whole Regenerist line. The older i get the more i find i need more and more hydration so Thank you This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This cream is the best I have tried, it has reduced my wrinkles and dry skin,it goes on very smoothly and has also helped to make my skin more even toned, I love this product and would recommend it to everyone, for most skin problems they might have. The best ever This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use this at night and sometimes when I don't wear makeup during the day, I use it then too. Absorbs quickly, not sure now much it is actually helping me prevent more wrinkles, but smells good and feels good. not sticky. wish it worked even more against wrinkles. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My overall opinion - it is a great cream if you do not have comedones or acne because one of the top ingredients is Dimethicone - a silicone based polymer. It is large molecule and may clog your pores, therefore the condition of your skin will get worse This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very good product my mom uses it all the time when she loves it very much swears by it