I really wanted to like these pods. They are super convenient (especially since I live in a high rise and the laundry room is on a different floor), are very economical, and smell great. Unfortunately, in every load of laundry in which I have used the pods, I have had a piece of clothing ruined because the outer plastic failed to dissolve completely. For instance, in one load the outer covering ended up in a sleeve, effectively fusing the sleeve closed. I wash my laundry warm and hot, so there shouldn't be problems--Tide advertises that the pods can be used in both hot and cold water. The product seems to be faulty in this regard. Until I use up my supply, I will be cutting the pods open and throwing the covering away. I will not buy the pods ever again.
Ive use other brand pods and they work great in my HE front loading washer. I saw Tide had some and was psyched because Tide smells and cleans great. However, for about a week every load at least one garment had something purple and gel like on it. Unfortunately I would catch it after they came out of the dryer and it was hard as a rock and wouldn't come off. I blamed my son for leaving candy and gum in his pockets. Then I realized what it was (my new TIDE pods). I thought I must be doing too big of loads so I tried them in smaller loads of maybe a pair of jeans with four shirts. The same thing happened. My guess is that these would work great in a regular washer but not in the HE, as they use so little water....the pods cannot fully dissolve. I will have to go back to using a different product. Bummer!
I love the convenience of them, always using one before clothes are added, but now they don't dissolve and leave a gummy residue on my clothes. Never had an issue before my restock.
Even though some may feel Tide Pods is a revolutionary new laundry detergent, it really isn't. To be sure, the Pod concept and design is new in and of itself, but a laundry detergent in a compact, self contained form is not. Back in the 1960's, there were detergent tablets, such as Salvo and Action bleach. They didn't stay on the market very long, or that is what I remember. Even 10 years ago, PG introduced, then quickly pulled Tide Rapid Action Tablets. So even though the cleaning ability of Pods is consistent with most other PG detergents (which is my universal choice) I can not say with certainty that this is a fantastic, revolutionary product that has exceptional cleaning prowess. What I can say is that Tide Pods is a fad, and will not have staying power. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I bought the tide pods and liked the idea. Easy but the problem encountered as the outer casing of the pod did not fully dissolve and I did not notice it right away till I had hard crust on blanket after drying. I find it best to break outer sack and throw away I will go back to good old Tide
Expensive, purchased hoping to save money as I tend to use too much liquid detergent...which this was a success. However they DO NOT dissolve properly and leave blue stains on clothing. Very disappointed with product, especially with the price you pay. Tide is usually better quality than this.
Put in a load of undershirts, etc. There was a small place on one my husband's undershirts and I wanted to see if it would come out without pre-treating it was a fresh stain, so I thought it should come out well, it didn't even come close. The clothes just didn't seem to be as fresh as I expected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I purchased the pods due to the ease and I like the concept it's been very convenient for my teen to do laundry without the liquid mess. The spring meadow scent is another story - HORRIBLE! Even my boys can't stand the smell so I've had to supplement the loads with scented fabric softener. Stay away from this one - select one of the others.
I have used Tide detergent for years and love it. Tide removes stains better than any other detergent on the market. However, I bought Tide Pods expecting the same results I get with regular detergent and was very disappointed. The Tide pods did not dissolve completely ruining my husband's favorite shirt. I have had to wash the same loads over and over again to get the detergent out from the pods not dissolving correctly. I would stick with Tide's regular detergent.
I agree with a lot of the reviews that say Tide has lost it's cleaning power. I have even added the stain release tablets and the clothes don't come clean. My husband eats chocolate ice cream and occassionally drops some on his shirt. The Tide does not clean the spots. I also want to note that I bought the Total Tide and the bottle fell into my washer(about a foot) and the seam around the label split leaking all out. I have been trying other detergents lately when previously I only bought Tide.
I have used Tide in the past and I really like the results. I was, however, disappointed when I washed a small load of whites in hot water with the pods. The water wasn't very sudsy and the clothes came out dingy. I used the same amount of bleach as I usually do but they weren't clean. I washed them again with regular Tide and they came out cleaner. I would have liked this to be a way to keep from lugging around a big bottle of detergent. I guess I'm stuck with it for now. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
have always loved Tide and used it for many years.i keep trying to go back to it but no matter which scent i try, my clothes smell sour!
In my opinion, the Tide Pods I received a sample of were too heavily perfumed. They did not leave my clothes with a clean, fresh scent I do not like strong perfumes. I will never buy or use these, unless they make a 'perfume free' version. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am a 3rd generation TIDE user I will continue to use it. However, the new pods did not live up to the hype, as advertised on TV. I still had to add (TIDE) detergent to the wash the pods alone didn't produce enough suds so I was not confident that my clothes, etc. were really getting clean.
I didn't see any difference in the way this cleans. My regular cheap detergent did the same job. I was hoping to see a drastic difference in how my clothes were cleaned. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This Product is exactly what I needed! This Product is exactly what I needed! This Product is exactly what I needed! This Product is exactly what I needed!
Tide Liquid smells great when your clothes come out, but not the pods! They smell really gross....I wish the fragrance was good because the cleaning quality is really good...i have a stackable top loader in my apartment and have not had the gooey mess problem at all...please improve the fragrance....yuck!
I love Tide and I was using the Tide Stain release which was the best product out there.I tried pods and I find that 1 pod never works a well as 2. If I have to use 2 each load then I can only do 32 loads which makes this too expensive to use, Also I dont need the brightener and stain remover with every load. Bring back stain release!
My clothes were very staticky after coming out of the dryer. The smell is okay, but I always buy Tide with the pink Downy scent. My clothes felt clean, but as not soft. They are also too expensive.
I have used Tide for years, once it became Tide 2x, I could no longer use it due to ichy skin. I feel we as consumers should have a choice between the regular Tide or the new Tide 2x. I would like to have that choice. I have stayed with Tide and went back to the powder but I can't get the fresh scent that I'm use to and love. Please think of all your customers and lets get back to the original Tide I know we all love and want..
I tried the pod with a load of whites and they came out fine. It's the packaging, the pod idea, that seems to be the new gimmick. Saves time A few seconds. But my he washing machine is set up for liquid detergent and liquid bleach and liquid softener, and I really feel the machine works best when used the way it was designed to work. I throw in a little pod and I feel like I'm not doing enough or using my machine the way it was made to work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
seems to stick to my clothes, looks like remnants of the pods wrapper are sticking to my clothing. doesn't seem to happen in hot water though..just in cold and warm.
unfortunately I am not going to be purchasing again. the pods do not dissolve all the way leaving a residue in my detergent compartment
I have been using Tide Pods and loved them. As I pulled my sons new dres clothes out of the dryer, some items looked like I had splattered them with a drop of two of Bleach. His dress shorts and a sentimental shirt are ruined. It is sad because I loved this product and now can't use it. I have a bunch left too!
Many times after a wash and dry I find melted tide pods on my clothing. Several items have had blue and orange stains as well. Very disappointed and won't be buying again.
have always loved Tide and used it for many years.i keep trying to go back to it but no matter which scent i try, my clothes smell sour!
Barely enough detergent to wash a single load. The smell is weak, they dont dissolve easily and can leave stains on light colored clothing/linens. The concept is a good one, but needs work
While the PODS are handy and quick the smell is horrible! I actually rewashed my clothes with the extra off brand detergent I had at home. I am really disappointed in these. I love Tide and assumed the least of my problems would be the smell.
The pod melted to my favorite shirt and is now ruined
After using on white towels, I found a hard blue residue and had to wash them out by hand and rewash in the machine. This was using hot water. I can't imagine how they dissolve in cold water. I am now hesitant to use on dark clothes and not notice the undissolved product, until I'm wearing them. I'll use what's left in the package, but I probably won't buy them again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The drain pump on my Samsung HE front loader had to be replaced most likely due to the pods. Found a bunch of plastic pod casings when the machine was drained. The repair person said that the Tide Pods don't work well on all front loaders, especially if you do most loads in cold water.
They don't quite dissolve in the washer had to repurchase a whole liquid bottle which then became a waste on the pods!
I have been a Tide user for years, and was absolutely thrilled when this came out, as I use Tide boost as well. However, this did not meet my expectations at all. It seemed to not get out the stains I missed and the clothes seemed not as clean :( This review was collected as part of a promotion.
50 of my laundry comes out clean but the other half has purple stains and plastic stuck on items. I don't do anything different and the pods are from the same bag. The last thing I need is to rewash and inspect cloths coming out of the machine.
I tryed the pack in my worse grungy closes.I was not impressed.It did smell nice but that is all.I will continue to use the liqud Tide just not the pack.It may work for others just not in my house hold. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The tide pods stain my clothes and the plastic stays suck on them as well.
Pods do not always dissolve. Residue melts to clothers while drying. On average this is ruining one garment per month. Will be looking for a another brand.
disappointed! the pods did not dissolve and one was stuck on my blouse and it melted in the dryer. They say you get what you pay for, in this case i did not.
I won't be buying these. I have an electrolux front loading washer. I found the skin of the pod lodged in the front by the door not completely dissolved.
the pod does not dissolve completely sticks to clothing and leaves blue stain in which I have to hand scrub and rewash more work....front load washer HE
The pods seem to work well on colors but leave dark purple splotches on all whites. I've tried everything to get the stains out without success. Any suggestions
I have been a faithful user of Tide for over 30 years, and my mother before me. Recently I have had to change my work uniforms to white scrub pants. Tide is not getting the bottoms of them clean. Since all I have ever used is Tide, I am not sure what to use now to get my white scrub pants clean. Disappointed in IL
It seems like lately, they are not dissolving. I have had to take out the slimmy, packaging of the pod itself from the water because it isn't dissolving all the way.
Never dissolve in our HE front loader, plastic mush seen spots on clothes, fans of Tide but they don't work unless we use hot water, long wash. Can't smell scent either.
I bought this product, and my towels smell after using them once. I dont recommend it.
I have used Tide for years, once it became Tide 2x, I could no longer use it due to ichy skin. I feel we as consumers should have a choice between the regular Tide or the new Tide 2x. I would like to have that choice. I have stayed with Tide and went back to the powder but I can't get the fresh scent that I'm use to and love. Please think of all your customers and lets get back to the original Tide I know we all love and want..
I had been using the powdered TIDE HE, but recently had to buy the liquid with original scent. The fragrance was strong and irritated both my husband's and my eyes during a load of wash (the washing machine is in the kitchen area). The dried clothes still had the perfume smell which I personally find offensive. I would really like the product without any fragrance.
Cleaning 4 stars. The scent--I kept asking did they put enough for an entire truck load in just this one bottle Overpowering. I mean, doing laundry shouldn't make your entire entire house reek. I could smell it on clothes outside is a stiff wind. Like cheap perfume. Bought the big 110 load bottle. After 3 loads, I donated it to a shelter because I couldn't stand the stench.
I have been an exclusive user of Tide for 15 years because it was the only detergent that suds up with the recommended amount. When the Acti-Lift came out i started using that as well because i have three kids and need ALL the help i can get!! With the last bottle of Tide Acti-Lift that i bought, i found myself Adding More Tide, which i have Never had to do. I don't know if the economy is hitting Tide and its adding more water but i was Very sad to see my old reliable become not so reliable!!
I recently wrote a review about the change in the scent of Tide liquid HE with bleach. You kindly replied that I should try the free and clear tide. I wanted to let you know that my mother who lives in another state just told me she used a new bottle of Tide HE with Acti Lift and she disliked the smell so much that she actually threw out the clothes she washed! There definitely is a change in the scent of Tide with Acti Lift. It is very strong and bitter. I have changed to using Tide powder and love the fresh delicate scent of the original formula. Please do not put Acti Lift in the powder. I do not want that scent to change as well or I will have to switch to another brand all together. I see that other reviewers have noticed the change in the scent as well. Even though you may not have changed the formula of the scent, adding the Acti Lift has an effect on it. I know the Acti Lift is meant to get out dried stains but I can use a pretreater for that. I would rather have nice smelling laundry and take the extra step to use a pretreater if necessary. Again, please leave the Tide powder just the way it is. I love the way it smells and how well it cleans my laundry. Thank you for letting the consumers voice their opinion on your products.
Ariel actilift is better than Tide actilift but the tide stinks
product too exspensive for the average family to use. also, it takes the color out of most fabrics if used to prespot. not too happy with this product
this is just another attempt to say laundry detergent has improved. well lets go back to when we had biz enzyme now there was a stain lifter for some reason whenever there is product that works it is pulled from the market and the consumer is never advised why. When you had a stain the enzyme would immediately go to work as a pre-soak now i don't know if it hurt the environment or what but that was absolutely the best product on the market for stain removal someone needs to look back in the archives and find this one and redo this one.
Nothing beats Tide detergent. However, I find the good old fashion Tide powder to be the best and have not really noticed any benefit of using the enhanced stain release formula.
I used Mountain Sping UltraTide. The days of Tide's stain-removal power seem to be long gone. It had no effect whatsoever on stains and the odor is cloying and overpowering. I've used Tide since 1968 but I really feel I must start experimenting and find a detergent that works like the old days.
Unfortunately, the only constant in the Tide family is Tide Powder. There are so many different formulations of Liquid Tide, it is hit or miss when trying them. Cold Water Tide does not clean any better than the formulations made for hot or cold water. The only certainty with the liquid Tide variations is that the Tide Free Clear does not in fact have any dyes or perfumes. I don't understand why the directions call for a larger measure of some the formulas, such as the Tide with Bleach. Proctor Gamble has even tinkered with the formula to what was in my opinion the best laundry detergent that they ever marketed - Cheer (both liquid powder). Stop trying to impress the consumer and get back to the basics. Make and market an effective and AFFORDABLE brand of laundry detergent. And, please, bring back ALL TEMPA-CHEER !
In my opinion, the Tide Pods I received a sample of were too heavily perfumed. They did not leave my clothes with a clean, fresh scent I do not like strong perfumes. I will never buy or use these, unless they make a 'perfume free' version.
The only clothes that came out 'great' were brand new clothes worn once.The other clothes were NOT brightened.They were cleaned,but dingy white t-shirts remained dingy. the stain-removal action was non-existent.They were convenient,though.No measuring.Just toss go.
I thought the change of scent for the Original was me but apparently not. It's too strong, too perfumed and not enjoyable to wear clothing. I choose the Original because I do not like the other scents. Disappointing as I have used Tide for years and been very happy with laundry results. Just bought a new bottle and will have to suffer through it or give it away and shop for new brand. Rated it lower due to scent change.
PLEASE bring back the original scent of the Original Tide. It was one of the main reasons I'd spend so much money on laundry detergent! I loved it so much and miss my clothes smelling so fresh! I don't like the new scent, and don't understand why it was changed. Please change it back!!!!!! Thank you!
I buy the original fragrance HE Tide. The fragrance was the main reason I liked the product. I just opened a new bottle, and surprise, it smells completely different. I checked the bottle thinking maybe I had mistakenly purchased something other than the original scent, rechecked my old bottle, and both read Original. This new fragrance is awful. My clothes smell like cheap perfume. I will buy one more bottle, hoping that there was a mix-up in some way, but if the second bottle smells the same I will not buy anymore.
for a dress shirt. Washed it and it did not come out. Any ideas
I've used Tide, and only Tide for as long as I can remember. Today I brought home the Mountain Spring scent and its HORRIBLE. It made my whole house smell like cheap men's deodorant. What happened to your formula I have no idea if my clothes were clean enough because I had to run out and buy a different scent.
This product works fine, but not spectacularly given its high price
the plastic wrap does not completely dissolve! It sticks to the clothes and then hardens when the clothes are dry. and not just in the dryer. many of my clothing is hung wet and the same thing happen.
The capsule does not dissolve. It ends up stuck to your clothes in a melted mess and sometimes stains the fabric. Great idea but needs further development to be as reliable as regular Tide products.
The Tide Pod I received performed no better than my regular detergent. I will not buy it because it's much more expensive and didn't do anything special. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I bought this product, and my towels smell after using them once. I dont recommend it.
Several times plastic wrapper didn't melt during the wash cycle and clothes had clumps in them due to dried plastic that stuck on the fabric. I don't recommend this product at all.
I have front load HE machines did exactly as directions described putting the pod in with the clothes as opposed to putting it in the soap holder/dispenser. The clothes looked dingy and were not soft at all. They had the feel of still being dirty to the texture of the clothing.I had to rewash them using my usual liquid Tide. I love Tide always use Tide as my mother and her mother before her. I was excited to get and try this new way of soap for cleaning my clothes I do not want to buy this I would like to recieve 2 pods to try at once as maybe only one was not enough. Can you send me two pods If not thats ok I will continue to use the liquid or powder Tide as I have before. Thank you Cindy C. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I recently wrote a review about the change in the scent of Tide liquid HE with bleach. You kindly replied that I should try the free and clear tide. I wanted to let you know that my mother who lives in another state just told me she used a new bottle of Tide HE with Acti Lift and she disliked the smell so much that she actually threw out the clothes she washed! There definitely is a change in the scent of Tide with Acti Lift. It is very strong and bitter. I have changed to using Tide powder and love the fresh delicate scent of the original formula. Please do not put Acti Lift in the powder. I do not want that scent to change as well or I will have to switch to another brand all together. I see that other reviewers have noticed the change in the scent as well. Even though you may not have changed the formula of the scent, adding the Acti Lift has an effect on it. I know the Acti Lift is meant to get out dried stains but I can use a pretreater for that. I would rather have nice smelling laundry and take the extra step to use a pretreater if necessary. Again, please leave the Tide powder just the way it is. I love the way it smells and how well it cleans my laundry. Thank you for letting the consumers voice their opinion on your products.
I have been using pods in my HD washer for over a year however recently I have noticed that there some purple discoloration in my white cottons, particularly T-shirts. As others have mentioned, there is the occasional random purple spot which may be associated with the pod getting stuck and not fully dissolved for 30 seconds or so. However more frustrating, I am also noticing the purple color seems to be accumulating on white t-shirts on the underarms. With each wash the color gets deeper and it is not just one person in our family. Perhaps there is a chemical reaction that is occurring to the pH or deodorant residue on the t-shirt which is attracting the purple die I don't know, but I am switching back to the old liquid for my whites.
Several times plastic wrapper didn't melt during the wash cycle and clothes had clumps in them due to dried plastic that stuck on the fabric. The detergent itself stayed on the clothes.
We have used the tide pods for about a month now and we loved them at first, our clothes always smelled great and they are so convenient. About a month ago I noticed some of my work jackets had what looked like bleach spots on them but we don't use bleach. Tonight I solved the mystery when I opened the washer and noticed that the pod got stuck in a pair of my khaki pants and wasn't dissolved all the way and now there are streaks down my pants! I am guessing from the brightener but I am very upset and dissatisfied. We use TIDE for QUALITY not quantity because they aren't the least expensive detergents but I think from now on we will not use the PODS anymore.
I was very intrigued when Tide came out with there detergent in these pod cases. The problem that I have had is that I have a couple of loads of clothes where I have found the packing attached to an article of clothing. I found a good shirt with the sleeve and the front stuck together with a block the size of the pod container. I had to pull the stuck pieces apart and then scrub off the remainder of the packaging and soak the rest off. It would not come off with repeat washings. I found the same thing with some sheets and on a pair of jeans. All in all this was with five different loads of clothing. I really like the product for its cleaning ability but the packaging really needs some work before I buy this again.
I have refused to buy Tide Pods again as I have had two instances where they have not dissolved all the way and left a purple stain and plastic stuck to two different shirts (one was white!). I have been able to get it dissolved out of the second shirt after being able to figure out what it was but I am not sure I'll be able to get it out of the first shirt since it has been a little while. I will be trying as soon as I'm done leaving this review. I was looking for an easier way to do laundry without having to lift the heavy bottles of liquid, and while this is only twice in 6-7 months of using them, it is not easier when having to re-rinse clothing to get the melted Pod to completely dissolve.
I have been an exclusive user of Tide for 15 years because it was the only detergent that suds up with the recommended amount. When the Acti-Lift came out i started using that as well because i have three kids and need ALL the help i can get!! With the last bottle of Tide Acti-Lift that i bought, i found myself Adding More Tide, which i have Never had to do. I don't know if the economy is hitting Tide and its adding more water but i was Very sad to see my old reliable become not so reliable!!
I was really excited to try the Tide pods. I thought it would be an easy way to just throw it in the washer and press start.We did just that and when it finished, there was gooey blue and white stuff from the pods in the rubber section of the front load washing machine. The rubber part is the seal between the door and the washing tub. I was so disappointed. I really wanted it to work. I ended up having to rewash the clothes because it looked like most of the pod just got stuck. So sad :( Good try Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very happy with the Tide Pods up until recently when I started noticing blue stains. I ruined several blouses because of this! I wash everything on the cold cycle and the package claims that they can be used in cold and warm cycles. Clearly this is not the case. The responses on here from Tide also suggest that if you 'use as directed' there shouldn't be any staining. There are not such instructions on the tub. Even if I wanted to 'use as directed' I don't know what that is. Apparently I need to use a warmer cycle to fully dissolve the pack. Would have been nice to know ahead of time.... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have a HE top-load washing machine. I purchased one of the 55 Tide Pods packages. The cleanliness of the clothes wasn't a problem I had - they were clean. The problem occurred after drying the clothes. As I folded the laundry, I found several pieces of clothing that had plastic melted to the articles of clothing. After further investigation and thought, I realized that the Pods weren't fully dissolving. I assume this happened because of inadequate amount of water due to the machine being HE. I no longer use the Pods, and won't recommend them to my friends.
I think I just ruin brand new sheets. I washed it with a Tide Pod and when it came out of the dryer it had a bunch of hard spots on it. After reading the other reviews it must be the pod that did not fully dissolve. I have a front load washer and have found undissolved pieces in the machine before, but it never did that to my clothing. Guess I will get rid of these pods and switch to a different brand. Love the concept hate the results!
I love Tide but I've had clothes ruined from the pod not completely dissolving. I have a Kenmore HE front loader and thought these would be great because of the convenience of not having to measure the liquid. I think Tide needs to do a little more research as to how to make these perform like they claim that they do.
As a treat to myself I will sometimes purchase the liquid Tide or sometimes I will ask for it as a Christmas gift however, I thought the Tide Pods didn't smell as good after drying as the liquid Tide. I would put Tide Pods equal to my satisfaction with the cheap detergent except the Tide Pods are much more expensive. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
One pod didn't work to well with an average load, I was disappointed, being that I am disabled I thought this would be a wonderful way to help with a difficult task. Even two didn't do to well with a large load, three did help. However they didn't totally dissolve. Back to Tide but no pods. I thought I could save some money and make the task of doing my laundry a bit less of a challenge. Sad it did not work out that way.
These are very convenient but I prefer laundry detergent that is odor free and uses less chemicals. The smell of this product is strong but they do clean well. I am a Norwex consumer.
The only clothes that came out 'great' were brand new clothes worn once.The other clothes were NOT brightened.They were cleaned,but dingy white t-shirts remained dingy. the stain-removal action was non-existent.They were convenient,though.No measuring.Just toss go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Cleaning 4 stars. The scent--I kept asking did they put enough for an entire truck load in just this one bottle Overpowering. I mean, doing laundry shouldn't make your entire entire house reek. I could smell it on clothes outside is a stiff wind. Like cheap perfume. Bought the big 110 load bottle. After 3 loads, I donated it to a shelter because I couldn't stand the stench.
I just did a load of lights and as I emptied the dryer folding everything I found the pod completely intact. I put it in the washing machine first, it was a large but not an oversized load of light weight items. I guess I'm really lucky it didn't open in the dryer, but now I have very nicely folded dirty clothes I have to wash again. I love the concept but I won't buy again.
Yes they are small and convenient but I personally did not like them they left a slime in my washer and there was no fresh sent from the pod. I will probably not use them again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I liked the product but I felt it was very per-fumy, when I opened the washing machine lid I was overwhelmed. Although, I like my clothes to have some scent I felt it was over powering. I don't know how well it cleaned none of the clothes were very dirty. I also feel it is quite expensive. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Ariel actilift is better than Tide actilift but the tide stinks
It didn't clean my clothes well with one POD. I used two on my next load and it worked better. I do not overload or have large excessive loads. I actually bought the product but will be going back to my liquid,waste of money.
I love tide and it has been great with our cloths for years. I got tired of my boys wasting the detergent so I bout the pods. At first it worked great, then after a few times washing, I noticed blue stains under the armpits of all our white cloths. Then I noticed when we use the boot pods...we now have Pink tinted whites all over! all of my sons teeshirts are ruined and I have tried baking soda and other stain removers with out bleach to get the stain off. Nothing works. I though I was alone in this situation, however I now see there are many complaints. Help!
I tried the sample and loved it., I bought the products and also a new HE washer...I was dissatisfied how the pod worked in my new washer, My clothes came out with the sticky purple on my clothing., which is the brightner portion to the pod. I hope this is going to come out in the next wash..otherwise, I won't be purchasing the pods and probably purchasing some new clothes :( love the scent of fresh meadows., and love the concept of an all in one idea.... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used Tide Pods as a sophomore in college and I also used them as a freshman. Last year, they did alright, but occasionally left a gooey/sticky mess on my clothes from the plastic pod. This year, they've dyed blue splotches in many of my favorite clothes (luckily it washed out with warm water and stain remover). As I write this, at least five of my clothes are being re-washed for the third time this semester. I'm switching ASAP to a different brand.
I started using Tide Pods about 3 months ago and never had a problem with the product. I recently purchased another package of 66 count Pods and when I open the package some of the pods had bust and the other we're all stuck together making it next to impossible to use product. I am very upset and had to go buy more detergent.
I have a front loading machine and clean it out after every use. I found part of the outside material of the pod actually glued to my machine. It took a lot of time to pry it loose. I am wondering if there are other parts where I can't see them. I always use cold/cold water to wash my clothes. maybe if used hot/cold, it would have denigrated the complete product. Won't use again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the pods and liked them but that said, if it's the first time you were going to use it get a small sized package because the different scents are drastic... some good some awful! I had to give away a big batch of mystic forest, it was that bad. If I had not try Summermeadow first I would have given up on this problem. Test your scents before committing to a larger size
The capsule does not dissolve. It ends up stuck to your clothes in a melted mess and sometimes stains the fabric. Great idea but needs further development to be as reliable as regular Tide products.
I started using Tide Pods about 3 months ago and never had a problem with the product. I recently purchased another package of 66 count Pods and when I open the package some of the pods had bust and the other we're all stuck together making it next to impossible to use product. I am very upset and had to go buy more detergent.
Don't like it in milk but kids do
'Austin Powers: the Spy Who Shagged Me,' is just too much like the original, and only tries to outdo its predecessor rather than compliment it. I just didn't care for this sequel, but this is a great dvd for those who did.
HATE the smell and this didn't work that great maybe more of a winter deodorant. Nonetheless I will be trying a different scent.
The design of the lamp has very clean modern lines and is visually pleasing. BUT... the lamp itself is faux wood and in places the finish had already worn off showing spots of the plaster underneath. Also the shade was coming apart at the seams and didn't hang straight on the lamp. For these reasons I returned both of the purchased lamps to the store. It's a shame that such a nice looking table lamp has such poor construction.
Wish that I had of asked someone before I bought it.
I don't like this hairspray because it doesn't work on my hair. It doesn't hold and it just feels like I'm spraying water on my hair.
This spray has an awful smell to it, I did not like it at all. Even if the hold is good, I could not get past the smell.
I usually love Pantene products but this hairspray downright stinks. Yu!ck
I just don't like Pantene, it gives me dandruff for one thing. Also my hair doesn't stay clean as long. t
i don't use a lot of hairspray so i gave it to my mom she liked that she got to try something new.
I normally like Pantene but I think they missed it with this hairspray or they need to change their packaging as I found the spray to come out and make my hair wet, not holding. Sorry, wouldn't recommend this.
I was not happy with the product. It made my hair feel dry and look dull. Will not be buying or recommending. Sorry.
First, I have to disclose that I received my hairspray in exchange for a thorough and unbiased review. Normally, I have very curly and frizzy hair, so I had to straighten it. I did like the fact that it is lightweight and that my hair still had movement. Natural, straightened hair doesn't do well in Georgia humidity. That combination was bad and even Maximum Hold hairspray could not hold my hair.
Just an average hair spray. Nothing special. My hair was sticky after using.
This Pantene Pro-v airspray was awful. When it sprayed out of the bottle it came out in chunks and then it wouldn't absorb into the hair until I smoothed it out. Which then my hands turned out sticky, not a good product, maybe it was the bottle.
I buy Pantene products and was looking forward to using this one. I was highly disappointed!! It has a horrible smell to it and makes my hair really sticky. I would never purchase this product.
Maybe it was the humidity on the one day I tried this, I don't know for sure... I did not spray this directly on my hair. I sprayed a small amount of it into my hand, rubbed my hands together smoothed my flyaways for my ponytail. This spray was STICKY, did not fully dry made my hair look dirty. The shine was great, but by the end of the day, I had even more flyaways my hair just looked greasy, which it wasn't. It was clean!
I really did not like this hair spray...for me it just did not have any stay power. I also did not care for the scent. If you like your hairspray light so you cannot tell you have it in, this might be for you.
This hairspray came out very wet. I prefer a dry air spray. I would get wet clumps in my hair. I even made sure the nozzle wasn't clogged. I did like that a good amount would spray, very powerful spray.
I am very picky about hairspray, and I don't use it everyday by any means. I expected this to be pretty good as I think it is fair to say that most people equate Pantene with consistent quality, but I was very disappointed. It comes in a good size can, with very attractive packaging, and has little to no scent that I could discern. I found this hairspray to leave my hair a mangled mess. Whether I used it on freshly washed and styled hair, or on 3 day old hair, I found it to have almost no hold on my hair (to be fair, it is advertised as Air Spray, with light, flexible hold). The problem is not the hold for me though, its what comes when you brush it out - my hair turns into a hot mess that is difficult to brush, it looks flat and lifeless, and becomes frizzy until I wash the hairspray out. I have never had that experience, whether I was using my TIGI Catwalk Your Highness or my go-to hairspray, Aussie MEGA, none of them have ever done that to my hair. The worst part of all, however, is the film that it leaves behind on my counter, sink, and virtually every hard surface it comes in contact with. Maybe I received a bad can, but I won't be giving it another go to see.
First off I prefer an alcohol free hairspray, which this is not. It left my hair stiff and sticky and when I sprayed it on it just blew my fine hair all over the place.
Great it holds. As expected.
I usually use the grape seed hand cream by Burts bees but wanted another for my office. Tried this and my hands broke out. My hands get very dry and are sensitive,usually to heavily scented hand creams and lotion. This stuff made my hands sting, itch, and I got little red bumps. Dont recommend if you have sensitive skin. Otherwise, Im sure it would be fine.
I'm not a fan of this hand cream. It smells very strange, and while it feels nice and moisturizing at first, after it absorbs my hands still feel dry. I much prefer the Shea Butter Hand Repair Cream.
I'm not a fan of this hand cream. It smells very strange, and while it feels nice and moisturizing at first, after it absorbs my hands still feel dry. I much prefer the Shea Butter Hand Repair Cream.
Not the best lotion I've ever used. I expected a lot coming from Burt Bees and since it said Ultimate Care on it I thought wow! I've been using it for 3 days now and it does make my hands feel better for a while after putting it on, the ends of my fingers are still dry and flaky I'm hoping that with more use it will help more.
Not the best lotion I've ever used. I expected a lot coming from Burt Bees and since it said Ultimate Care on it I thought wow! I've been using it for 3 days now and it does make my hands feel better for a while after putting it on, the ends of my fingers are still dry and flaky I'm hoping that with more use it will help more.
It&#39;s nice, but probably won&#39;t get again. Leaves hair really soft and conditioned, but doesn&#39;t really help my hair hold its curl; I&#39;m wavy 2C so I like products that hold. It does seem to keep the frizzies away, which is great.
I&#39;m not crazy about this product, but maybe I am not using it right. The directions say to apply it to soaking wet hair, only 3&#45;4 sprays, from the bottom of the ear down. The times that I have used it, I was surprised by how much it affected my hair when using so little of it. But I did find that I needed to use other products in addition to the spray, such as a cream or mousse.
I'm not crazy about this product, but maybe I am not using it right. The directions say to apply it to soaking wet hair, only 3-4 sprays, from the bottom of the ear down. The times that I have used it, I was surprised by how much it affected my hair when using so little of it. But I did find that I needed to use other products in addition to the spray, such as a cream or mousse.
It's nice, but probably won't get again. Leaves hair really soft and conditioned, but doesn't really help my hair hold its curl; I'm wavy 2C so I like products that hold. It does seem to keep the frizzies away, which is great.
My wife asked for this for Xmas, so I bought it for her......Her last album was so much better
NOT MY FAVORITE ALBUM BUT I DO LIKE A COUPLE SONGS
Absolutely Horrible! I wouldnt waste my money on buying it for sure. If you still want to see it, youd better rent it! One good thing. The movie was interesting in that it used actual footage from the Dr. alongside with re-enactments. Other than thatVery boring.
crispy texture was ok and it worked fine for what it does-- provide a crispy coat...but i found the basil and garlic overtones were too strong for ''my'' taste. i'll stick to the basic progresso panko for future uses.
As far as crispiness it is great but I didn't like the flavor. but everyone's taste is different. I will try the plain next time,
I wasn't to thrilled about this product. It was a bit cakey and thick although the moisturizing ingredients work well the powder made my face look dry and ashy... i definitly wouldn't buy it again
after using this powder, c'monit wears off easilycakeyand feels a bit dry
I was really disappointed with this liquid liner. After only having it a couple of weeks it dried out. The pigment was watery and I had to put on several coats to cover the gray areas. The only thing I liked about this product was the applicator. I always wear the cateye look and the applicator made it so easy. Overall great concept, poor quality.
I am a beginner with eyeliner and bought this product under the assumption that it would be a good one because you're supposedly able to adjust the thickness of the line. It goes on easily but does not dry quickly, and when it does it is very sticky. It is difficult to get off if accidentally smudged or applied incorrectly. I have not noticed any difference in the thickness of the line when applied normally vs applied after turning the small circle at the bottom of the bottle. I was not pleased and will be looking for a better eyeliner.
I was very excited to buy this eyeliner since i wear false lashes and i want my eyeliner to be as thin as possible. its way to watery and i wasn't feeling the glossiness. the brush kept getting caught on my falsies and it was just a mess!
Saw ad in marie claire mag, and was excited by the prospect of using the Duo-2-in-1 cuz I wear glasses makeup, and feel that eyeliner for me is more important than mascara! The top is not like the picture! and it didn't turn!
When applied, it is thin so you have to apply it a few times but then it becomes crackly and doesn't look that great. The idea is nice and the colours are great but it's not as efficient as it could be.
This is one of the worst eyeliners ive ever bought and I have this in black. The product doesn't glide easily and skip and tugs on my eyelids. Also, the felt tip is way too long and product gets all over your eyelashes therefore mascara cant do its job. There is not much control over how thick or thin you want the line to be. It is just a hot mess!! I prefer the master duo retractable pencil way better than this one. NO GOOD, SORRY!!
I've been wearing this eyeliner for like monthI thought it was going to be great but it was just an eh. The pro about this is that it doesn't need a makeup remover to come offhowever, the con was the tip. It's better off as a fine point eyeliner.
Initally, this product looks great and is easy to apply, like the colors. It burns the eyes and takes a little longer to dry. Biggest problem is it starts to flake within a few hours and really looks bad. The flakes end up irritating the eye.
Not good for sensitive skin or oily skin. Broke out!!!
Why did you remove spf 15 option This was the only moisturizer with sunscreen which didn't aggravate my rosacea. Bring it back, please!!!!
I wanted to try this product before I write up my review. I have been using this product for two weeks now and so far I have not seen any significant difference other than slightly smother skin. I will be doing another review when my four weeks are up and see if there is any changes. the moisturizer is light and was not greasy when applying. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have just recently started using the Total Effect 7in1 moisturizer. The product seems to be working good but I do not like the container it's in. It's a push top and it's uncontrollable. It only take a tiny bit for each area of the face but sometimes it squirts out way too much. I wish Olay would find a more dependable container for this product.
I used to use the original Oil of Olay years ago and I really liked it, but as I get older my skin is dryer and it seems I need a heavier moisturizer than the Total Effects 7 can offer. It's nice and light weight, very lightly scented, which I do like, but it absorbs fast and then my skin seems to feel even dryer for some reason This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this a great product for moisturizer. However as an anti-aging cream it doesn't work. I have been using it for about 3 weeks and have noticed no change at all. It is a little oily but works great if you have dry skin. It also doesn't effect my sensitive skin. I would continue to use as a moisturizer as i like the way it works. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This made my skin really dry and the wrinkles I'm trying to diminish worse! It's a nice light weight moisturizer but I am disappointed. It did tone my skin a little.
I tried Olay total effects and used it every night until the trial bottle was finished. I honestly did not see any difference in my wrinkles and fine lines. I didn't find that it made my skin feel any softer either. I was disappointed with this product as I have always had positive results with Olay products. I wouldn't buy this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have only used this a few times and I'm not liking the tacky feel that my skin has after using this lotion, which is why I have not used it everyday. I will give it another try and hope I have a better experience This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this for about a month now. After the first 10 days I did notice that my skin wasn't as dry, but as for fine lines and wrinkles even after a month I have noticed no change at all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Worked well with my combination skin. It did not leave my forehead oily, which was a nice surprise. No visible signs of smoothing the fine lines, but I don't have many yet either. I do think they need to do their homework and get with the times though. The ingredient lists three parabens, which preserve the product from spoilage and may disrupt our estrogen levels. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried this product and found it to be quite rich and made my skin extremely oily to the point I had break outs on my face and had to discontinue usage. I have oily skin already so it is not the product for me. But appreciated the opportunity to try before buying. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I had hopes for this new product to be hydrating as well as helping with anti-aging. I had to stop it after a week because it gave me breakouts and I never break out from anything besides period hormones. I waited a week for my skin to go back to normal and gave the cream another try, only to find out it would breaout my skin once again. I also feel that the cream is too floral for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer is OK. But it's not great. It is a light, non-greasy formula that easily absorbs into my skin. But it leaves my skin still feeling a bit dry. The scent is too strong for my liking and I found the pump on the bottle to be temperamental. As yet I haven't noticed any difference to fine lines, but I'll keep going with it for a bit longer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used to love Olay products, and when I got this Bzz invite I was so excited to try. Until I looked at the ingredients. Lots of alcohol which is drying, not moisturizing and the use of parabens. For shame Olay! It has a pleasant smell, but fragrance is an irritant so this isn't great for the face. It feels nice and is not at all greasy, it's just too bad the ingredients aren't better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 didn't live up to its claims for me. It was wonderful for a moisturizer, light, nice scent and non greasy. Only thing that is expensive for a moisturizer only. As for fighting the signs of aging....I used the entire sample and saw no change in my skuns appearance. If you have the opportunity give it a try, maybe you will have better luck. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried Olay product about fifteen years ago when I was a young adult. I never tried it back... And I won't... The fragrance is for me horrible. Easy to apply but I fee like my skin is left oily for few hour. So most of the time, I rip the moisturize off and put other product on. I didn't noticed any change on my skin. :( I won't buy Olay product for long time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Firstly, as an individual with acne-prone skin, it is fundamental for any anti-aging products in my regimen to be non-comedogenic. After all, what's the use in eradicating unsightly wrinkles if one is plagued with equally unsightly pimples Unfortunately, there are severely comedogenic ingredients in this moisturizer (namely, isopropyl isostearate), which render the moisturiser unusable on the areas of my skin which are particularly acne-prone. As such, for the sake of reviewing this product, I was obliged to test the product in the area of my decolletage. For this reason, I would suggest that the moisturiser be reformulated, so as to replace the comedogenic ingredients and allow for the use of the moisturiser by those who unfortunately suffer from both aging and acne-prone skin. Aside from the foregoing, the moisturiser provides an ideal level of moisturisation, imparting sufficient moisture to the skin without leaving behind a greasy or oily film or leaving the skin in a somewhat uncomfortably dry state. I did notice, however, that the absorbency of the moisturiser is somewhat poor, as it has a tendency to sit atop the skin for an extended period of time, as opposed to being absorbed by the pores more efficiently, The scent of the moisturiser is acceptable, being neither overly fragranced or unpleasant. Overall, the moisturiser bears decent qualities, but, having regard to the negative qualities indicated above, is not ideal for my skin. Those who do not suffer from acne-prone skin, however, may likely enjoy a more positive experience from the use of the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for just about a week now. I haven't really noticed many changes in my skin yet. I have found that it has been making my skin oily and my face has broken out. I am going I continue to use Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer and hopefully will begin to see positive changes in my skin, such as skin tone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
the idea of the olay total effects 7-1 seems great but i had a reaction so i couldnt continue using it for fear of developing a more severe reaction. I was really hoping that i woul d be able to use this product as i do not have a facial moisturizer This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 for more than 4 weeks, i found that it just offered me a good moisturizer, i did not see any other changes in my complexion. I would say if you are looking for a good moisturizer then this is a great find. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product was nice, but it didn't have anything that was really different compared to all of Olay's other products. I used it for a couple of weeks, and there was a small difference, but nothing new compared to all the products I've tried. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that this product is not for sensitive skin. I found it too heavy on my skin. It made me break out the first time I tried it so I waited a while and tried it again. The same thing happened, I broke out. Not sure if it is the product itself or something in it that irritates my skin. I gave it 2 stars since it didn't work for me but it may be good for someone else, which I cannot judge. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's a good moisturizer in terms of doing the job. The first thing I did notice was the list of ingredients. The moisturizer I use on a regular basis is all natural, organic and Vegan which I love and contains 1 ingredient. This moisturizer contains so many ingredients that can't even be pronounced by a fluently english speaking person. So I am conscious of the fact that this is all chemicals. Not for me This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been Looking for a moisturizer that could compete with some of the higher end (higher priced) options. There is little to no scent. The sample size was generous. It went on without any oily or greasy feeling and was light weight. I am sad to say that after using for 5 days, my skin was not very moisturizer and had started breaking out in weird places. For these reasons I had to discontinue use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this product might be good for some, but it's not for me. I have sensitive skin and I really wanted to love because of the affordability of it, but I just can't use it. My skin itches too much when I use it and I ended up breaking out on my chin with pimples, which I never get. Not fun when you are trying to fight wrinkles and zits at the same time. But this is probably just my skin being all whacky. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the size of the bottle, but not much else. Before this product, I was using a RoC anti-wrinkle cream, which I happen to like a lot more than this Olay one and I think it's a lot better quality, with better active ingredients. I don't like the texture and feel of this cream, it makes my skin feel greasy, and I already have oily skin. I'm hesitant to use it regularly as I don't want it to cause me to break out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's moisturizing, but I couldn't get past the scent. I am somewhat sensitive to perfumes, but I am not so badly allergic or anything, but this was just too strong. It gave me a headache. I don't understand why any skincare line would put perfume in a product like this (that goes on your face). It's not necessary and what's worse is that I think that is what caused a breakout. I don't recommend this at all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Ok so I have been trying the sample of Olay Total Effects 7 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for a few weeks now. The smell is a great light scent and it blends into my skin nice without leaving it feel greasy. I have not however noticed younger looking skin or anything of that nature. My sun age are the same and have not faded at all and my skin tone is the same. If using as just a moisturizer and not expecting anything else then this is ok. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I waited a while before reviewing because I was hoping to see some results. I really don't think it did much for my skin at all. My skin tone is still uneven, and I don't see any improvement to my fine lines. I do give it two stars because it wasn't greasy and didn't make my skin oily like a lot of anti-aging products I've tried, and it went on beautifully beneath my makeup, and didn't turn oily during the day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Second day, I continue to test Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. First of all, my skin face burn after application. My skin is sensitive. If your skin is sensitive this product is not for you. My skin still burn after 9 hours after application. I have pink spot. This cream smell good. After 2 days it is too soon for anti-aging effect. Olay is oil-free, will not clog pores, fast absorbing, non-greasy formula. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I first was very excited about getting this product. Then after some use of it ,I noticed I did not like the smell of the fragrance. But it did make my skin less tight and dry feeling. My skin felt a lot more smooth and I did notice my seemed a little more even toned. All in all I probably will not purchase this product in the future as I didn't notice that much of a dramatic change and that other products can do as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
In the recent years i've started to become interested in anti aging products and started using them daily. My daughter is interested in natural products and told me about all parabens. I usually get her to check for me and she said there were parabens in it, which there are. How can I feel good about using this regularly over time I used this twice. But I don't want to continue. I wouldn't buy it. It's just average. The smell was okay. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First off, let me tell you a little about who I am. I am a mom of two and I am about to turn 40. I have some fine lines creeping up on me, some sleep lines that just do not seem to go away and a few lines around my forehead I would like to get rid of . So getting this with the promise of seeing results in 7 days was extremely appealing to me. I am fair skinned, blonde hair and blue eyes. Upon my first day, I used the cream as directed and I smoothed it over my face, the scent is light the cream did go on nice and smooth and the skin did feel good and have a healthy glow to it when I used it. I did not of course notice anything on the first day but of course that was ok. Now within 2 days of using this I broke out with 3 pimples on my chin and on my forehead and one painfully close to my lips so I do feel this product does have some type of oil in it so I would offer caution to someone who might be prone to oily skin. At this point, I still did not seem to notice anything changing at all. At the 5 day marker for use. I did not see any visible improvements , in fact to be completely honest I actually felt like things have gotten worse for me. My lines were not reduced at all and the ones around my eyes were actually more prominent and I had to use an extra cover up to make it look less noticeable. On the 7th day after completing what the advertisement claims. I was not impressed. My skin did not look better, it looked worse if anything and I noticed two more pimples coming in. At this point i decided to stop using it as it was simply not working out for me. It may work better for you, but in my case this did not help change my face or fine lines in any way. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
upon receipt of my Olay Total Effects 7 in one package, I must say at the onset I was juxtaposed by the trial size. Not because I'm greedy, but because I immediately wondered how much to use, what is the right amount how do I employ this properly to be able to successfully report on my degree of satisfaction (or not). That aside, I enjoyed opening up the package, and always find Olay products to be sleek and silky in their packaging nature. I put a dollop on my finger and began to apply (after cleansing my face properly, of course). The texture was ...silky and smooth. It was lovely. I saw the commercial on TV which reported healthier-looking skin in 4 weeks (I think - that is what I recall). With a tester, I'm not sure I can evaluate that claim - and apologies if I got it wrong, that is what I remember from the ad. I think the claim of 7 benefits is complicated for consumers. I can't tell you what those 7 benefits are and I'm reading the packaging of the product I received right now. I think to simplify for consumers is helpful and appreciated. Finally - no SPF. that's a big one for me. of all the benefits there is no SPF protection. The packaging doesn't specifically call out (that I can see or understand) that this product is to be used as a night routine. It also doesn't suggest that an SPF is required after application. With all the fears and media reports on skin cancer this is a big one for me. So all in all I maintain my overall favorability to Olay, but I'm not sure I'd go out and buy this product given my needs and likes. THank you for letting me try it, and I still do support Olay and will look for other products that might meet my needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this cream isn't for me. After the first use I had a terrible reaction to it. My face turned red and became quite sore. I don't know if it was one of the ingredients or the fact that there is a strong scent to it. I prefer my face products to be scent free and at most lightly scented. However, Olay is a a very well known and trusted brand and while I'm sure my skin's reaction is rare, I think it would be wonderful for someone else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really excited to try this product. However, I was really disappointed. It doesn't moisturize my skin the way I was expecting. My skin is very dry in the winter and I was hopeful to try a different product that might help me. It's not the first time I use this brand and I think it's sometimes worth paying a little more for a better product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used different Olay products throughout the years and was excited to try Olay Total Effects. I'm 5 months pregnant and up until now, my skin has been its usual self, since starting Olay on Saturday my skin has had a lot of Acne. I have discontinued use for now but will attempt again once my skin clears up. I'm disappointed that my skin reacted this way and hope its hormones instead of Total Effects. I did like how the product went on, very smooth application. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer is OK. I like how my skin feels after I use it. But I don't like how strong the smell is. I haven't really noticed any anti-aging changes but it may be that longer use would show those. I find the packaging a little annoying - the cap is small and almost touches the nozzle, so it gets messy quickly. I don't expect I will be looking for this product in the store, but I'm happy to finish off the sample. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved the opportunity to try the 7 in 1 total effects by oil of olay. After cleaning my skin and putting it on it felt like it was stinging me after application but then the feeling faded. I tried it for 4 days and by the 4th day my face started looking swollen and puffy so I stopped using the product as I was worried if I was allergic to it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
For myself, I did not enjoy this product. Week 1 my face was red and splochy. Week 2 started to look a little better not as spotty redness seamed to be gone. By the time I was done week 4, I found that my face was oily and greasy two things that I have never experienced before. I am willing to try a different product but this one was not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the texture of the cream, easy to absorb, but I prefer fragrance-free. The pump works extremely well, very easy to push and the amount of each pump size is very good, I am wondering if the pump is registered under the special pattern. Overall, I do not see any improvements of my skin, eg., educe the wrinkles. This products does not fit my needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for about a week. (I'm not sure why they sent such a small sample as their claims say that skin can look younger in 4 weeks, but they certainly didn't send enough to assess that claim.) The seven benefits noted on the product packaging are: (1) visibly smooths fine lines and wrinkles, (2) evens skin tone appearance, (3) enhances brightness, (4) minimizes the look of pores, (5) visibly reduces age spots, (6) restores firmness, and (7) replenishes moisture. My fine lines are (thankfully) still at a minimum, but I didn't note any change. My skin tone is pretty even, with the exception of my rosacea, but I've been using products from Batty's Bath which have done lovely things for my skin so I don't think the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer have really contributed anything to that in a week's time. My skin did not appear any brighter to me. I didn't note any difference in the appearance of my pores. I don't have any age spots...yet. My skin didn't appear to be any more firm. And as for the final claim...replenishes moisture... I felt that the product was sub-par compared to my regular skin care and I had to supplement to ensure my skin felt hydrated. All in all, I wasn't impressed. The product has a pleasant scent and absorbed quickly, but it is highly unlikely I would repurchase. Thank you BzzAgent for sending me a free trial size version of the product, and allowing me to decide for myself. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love because it will make my face white and care
I've been using Olay products since I was a teenager, and I haven't yet been able to find a product that I prefer more than the Olay Complete moisturizers line. I had high hopes when I received the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 anti-aging moisturizer sample, and started using it the day it arrived. The main feature I was excited about was the vitamin complex that's meant to help fight seven signs of aging, as I've noticed a few fine lines starting to creep in around my eyes. I'd also be happy to have brighter, younger-looking skin with smaller pores as Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 includes as benefits of the moisturizer, but the fine lines are my main concern! After using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 for three weeks, I have to say that I haven't noticed any difference in my skin tone, skin firmness, look of my pores, or fine lines (I don't have age spots, so that selling feature doesn't apply to me). And as much as I'd like to look 10 years younger in just a few weeks of usage, that wasn't my experience after using the Olay Total Effects sample. I also noticed that the product felt as though it sat on top of my skin, and when I got hot I had the sensation that I was sweating underneath the moisturizer. I've had this experience with other moisturizers, and that was the main reason I discontinued using all of them. I'm actively searching for an anti-aging moisturizer to add to my daily routine, and I hoped this sample would make me want to switch to the Olay Total Effects product line. However, Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 wasn't the right fit for me so I'll be remaining faithful to my tired-and-true Olay Complete moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well i would like to start off by saying thank you to bzzagent for picking me for another campain. But as much as i was dying to try this product it i wasnt pleased with my results. I have to say it was easy to put on it has a light scent that goes away but after day 2 of wearing it. It cause my face to break out almost as if i was a teenager with acne and i never get pimples. But i do have senative skin so they may not help the matter so unforually of all i have to only give the product 2 stars. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I normally do not use Olay products, so I thought it would be a great idea to give this product a try. I'm also at that age where anti-aging products should be integrated into my face care regimen. Unfortunately this is not a moisturizer for someone with oily skin, which I have. I tried it once and it left me with very greasy skin, more so than usual. This then eventually led to breakouts. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really wanted to like this cream, I had used it in the past but since switching to more natural and unscented brands, I am now not able to use anything with heavy perfumes added. This cream felt nice but it was like putting very strong perfume on my face and I couldn't deal with the scent. I prefer more natural products and I wanted to give this a try but it's not for me. I ended up giving it to my mom who's used Olay products forever. If you are sensitive to added fragrance or perfumes, this may not be for you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used my Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for about a week now. For me, it has just been ok. I have quite dry skin and I found that it doesn't hydrate my skin as my previous products did. I can't comment on the claim that it will provide noticeable anti-aging results after 4 weeks as I've only used it for a week. But, considering it makes my skin feel dry, I'm unsure if I'll make it to 4 weeks as I'll have to switch to something else. I hope they come out with a version for dry/very dry skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have sensitive skin,and can't use all creams. I have only used thus a couple times because the first time it felt like my skin was on fire and I had to wash it off. It didn't seem as bad the next day. I have a lot of freckles on my face and I feel like the cream brought them out more. might not be the cream for me but doesn't mean it wouldn't work for other. I'm going to try it again and see if it has the same effect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The sample was large enough to use it each day for a week however either this is not long enough to see results or the product is not able to produce results. Anti-aging properties aside, I did not find the lotion to be any better than other moisturizing products on the market. The lotion itself was quite greasy feeling, took several minutes before it really absorbed into the skin. The product has a very light scent which is nice. Overall, I'm not very impressed with this product therefore will look forward to trying other similar ones on the market. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay total effects 7 !!daily for over 3 weeks now and I am disappointed that I have not seen a change in my complexion at all. I was really hoping to achieve a more even skin tone and to lighten up a large sun spot on my cheek. I like this product as a moisturizer but I wouldn't pay the price for it because it doesn't do what it says. I have always liked Olay moisturizers and will continue to use them, Just not this one in particular! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My biggest measuring stick for this is other people's comments . If they notice a difference and comment, then it must be working. Honestly I have had more people tell me I look ill or like I need to rest. (THANKS!) I will be going back to my regular good old faithful Nivea. I have been using the rest of the Olat totaly Effect of my hands and it's lovely. Hasn't done anything remarkable for my face though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that this product is not a quality product for anti aging. And it does not live up to The claims it makes! After 5 days of use my skin feels very dry and i dont see any inprovements in my skin. The pore size is the same, the lines are the dame and even look worse now because of the dryness in my skin now, my skin tone has not even out and i have also gotten a few blemishes. i wouldnt recommend this to a friend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product up and have yet to notice any difference in my skin. At first, my skin totally hated it because of the fragrance, but I kept using it to see if it would be beneficial at all. I broke out bad when I first started using this. After about a week I can say it is a nice lotion, but otherwise I feel it has too many ingredients. I wish we got the fragrance free version, or one with spf, as those both seem a bit more useful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So its been 2 weeks of application of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1. I have to be honest and say there hasnt been noticeable improvement to my skin. Could it be medication, hormones who knows, but i was hoping to see at least my pores get smaller or some of my freckles and age spots lighten up a bit. It feels great as a moisturizer after cleansing, but the dryness returns after an hour. Glad i had this opportunity to try it, hope it works for you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product comes in an attractive container that doesn't require contaminating all of the product by scooping it out of a container to apply it, which I liked. The texture is nice and light, making it easy to apply. Unfortunately the product made my extra-sensitive skin break out a little bit - not unusual for skincare products. I usually need a natural acne-specific product and this confirmed my suspicions. For normal skin, though, I imagine it would do the trick for our dry, windy Canadian winters that make the face so dry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been trying the Olay Total effects 7 in 1 for about a month now, and have to be honest-other than my skin being moisturized well, I haven't really noticed any other difference in the appearance of my skin. To experiment, I have also been applying it to the back of just my right hand so I could compare the two....and to me, there is no visible difference there either. So, as a moisturizer, I think it does a good job-goes on easily,and only takes a little bit to do your whole face and neck. But in my experience, that is about it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So let me preface this review by saying that I usually love Olay products. I've usually had really good results with them and so had very high hopes that the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer would be amazing. Sadly, it was just meh. Don't me wrong, it was a fairly good moisturizer but the benefits kind of ended there. I saw no change in fine lines or uneven skin tone. Perhaps the sample was just not amply sized to try it for long enough to notice the effects All in all, not bad, but not sure that I would spend the money on it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While testing the Olay Total Effects moisturizer for a recent Bzz Campaign, I was somewhat disappointed. Although the lotion did indeed moisturize my skin, it did little else. I did not notice any difference in any of the other benefits it was supposed to have. Did not smoothe fine lines and wrinkles, didn't even skin tone appearance, didn't enhance brightness, certainly didn't minimizes the look of pores or enhance firmness. It felt nice on the skin and gave some moisture, but I won't be running out to spend money on it for that alone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using the Olay total effects 7 in 1 anti aging moisturizer for a week now. I use it at night only because this does not have SPF contents. I've read that after applying anti-aging skincare it is very important to apply sunscreen on top, so instead of applying this plus sunscreen on top in the morning, I just use it at night. I believe this comes with an SPF version, which I would consider using in the morning. After a week of use so far, I have not noticed much anti-aging effects from it yet. Don't seem to see minimizing of wrinkles or fine lines, I have very deep laugh lines which I focus anti-aging products on, but I haven't seen any improvements yet. I like the container it comes in, which is a bottle with a nozzle so the product is not exposed to air as opposed to being in a jar. The disadvantage of that though is you cannot use the last bits of the product. The moisturizing aspect of this product is good, I apply it at night and when I wake up my skin does feel softer and not dry, more importantly it does not make my skin all oily when I wake up. Some night creams that I use will make my skin very oily the next morning, but this one did not, which I really liked, and it did not cause any outbreaks. I'll keep trying this and see if the anti-aging effect kicks in later on, but for now this just seems to be a good moisturizer, so whether or not I'll purchase this in the future is dependent on the price. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have tried other Olay products in the past and they have been hit or miss. I like unscented products, so already this one was not for me. But I did try it for a few days anyway. I liked the texture and the thickness of it, not too heavy and not at all greasy, which is great before putting on makeup. I was disappointed that there was no SPF in it as that is a daily requirement for me. I did however breakout after two days of using, so I had to stop. I do have dry and sensitive skin so I have to be wary of what I put on my face, unfortunately this product I cannot use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
my mother always said when you have nothing nice to say don't say anything at all. maybe I have tried other creams and I'm comparing them to this one and maybe its not fair but when I tried it I could feel the dryness effect of the alcohol or soap that it carries. I tried to find out what ingredients it had but I could find out. in other words I was disappointed with the results it didn't leave my skin feeling nourished and it made my skin feel dry afterwards. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this is more suited for people with extremely dry skin. I have combination skin and this felt so heavy and greasy sitting on my face. It did not absorb at all, and I saw no noticeable results. It didn't make any improvement in my minor lines in my skin or help even out my skin tone. I don't have any age spots but if I did, they'd probably still be there. By the time I had used the whole bottle my skin looked horrible. So much more oily and made my cheeks break out horribly. I'm still fighting to get them under control. This is not something I will use again nor will I recommend it to anyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the Olay Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging moisturizer and for the first few days I thought it was fantastic. Not much of a scent to it (which I very much appreciate) and went on smoothly. Unfortunately there must have been something in it that didn't agree with me. On the forth day I started getting a rash on my face (almost eczema- like). I didn't think it was the Olay because it had been fine for a few days. But I tried everything else I could think of before I stopped using it and within two days my skin had cleared. It's odd because I use Olay (regular) every day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm a regular user of Olay products, so i really expected to love this. I'm approaching 40 and my skin is showing the signs of a life of working outdoors dark spots galore, deep wrinkles, fine lines, and of course uneven skin tones, from red to brown and everything in between. I normally use olay 2 in 1 day cream and serum, and it goes on light and absorbs easily. it also smells nice. by comparison, olay total effects 7 in one is thick, stinks like a gramma, and doesn't seem to absorb at all, it sits on my face feeling thick and greasy. i'm not in love after the first week. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The scent is nice and mild. Worked great in clearing up my dry patches caused by the Alberta winter weather. After two uses I broke out in mild acne. I stopped using the product until my face cleared up then tried again......same result, acne! Because is could not use the product on a continuous time period I was not able to see the results that were expected. My results were that of acne. Will I purchase this product.... No. However, it may work for others with less sensitive skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Okay made my skin soft. The product was not greasy. It made my skin soft and I didn't feel it clogged my pores. My skin was not oily afterwards either. It dried evenly and nicely. It also smelled nice at first when it was in the bottle. Unfortunately, I had to discontinue use because half an hour after I would put the product on my skin, it would smell like rotten eggs. I guess it just didn't go with my skin type! Because of the smell I can't recommend the product to anyone else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really wanted to like this moisturizer since I'm a faithful user of Olay, but after just 2 weeks of using the product my skin has become a landmine of pimples. I'm not sure if it's the scent or the colour but I won't be able to use this product in the future. I'll be going back to using my Olay moisturizer for sensitive skin. One plus about the product is that it does what is says in the Anti-Aging department. I must look younger since I'm 35 years old and was asked for ID the other day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the bottle and design are really nice and simple. The cream itself comes out easily in small amounts. The cream was light and not heavy at all when applying. If you are looking for something that is not heavily perfumed,light weight and easy application then this may be just the right thing for you!!! I reacted negatively and my skin became rashed and red but I do have sensitive skin so if you do have sensitive skin I would take precaution. otherwise a lovely design and nice light scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have just received my sample of Total Effects. So far I am on the fence. I enjoy the fragrance. The smell is very lightly fragrant which I don't like heavy smelling products so this is nice. You don't need to use a lot of this product. Less is more. It goes on easy, soaks in nicely but does feel greasy on my hands after. I have not noticed any changes with fine lines at all. Perhaps the goal is not to make me look younger but to ease the aging process from here on in. I will post back in a week. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was quite eager to try the new Olay total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer - I will admit that I'm in my early 40's and worried about the start of wrinkles and other physical signs associated with aging. But when I tried the new cream, it didn't really live up to the high expectations I had. I found that my skin was very dry after 4 days of using the cream. so dry that the skin in my T zone was flaky and noticeably drier. I will admit that I have switched back to my regular moisturizer. I have not given up on this moisturizer completely, however. I plan to give it another try to see if I can see the anti-aging effects it promises. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
All in all after using Olay Total Effects for a month and a half I can't really say that I would jump and change my daily moisturizer. The creams claims to visibly smooth fine lines and wrinkles, but I don't have any to say that it is true. I don't believe I've used this cream long enough to know it's long term effects. I did not see any change in my skin firmness, brightness, and/or minimize the size of my pores. It is however a very nice and light and a refreshing cream and smells really good and moisturizes very well without a oily after feeling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am personally a fan of Olay Effects. I have tried it before but i broke out so I stopped it but when the campaign came, I thought maybe it's worth a try and the break out was just a one off. Unfortunately, it wasn't and I tried it once and broke out and thought I should intermittently try it to make sure and all 3 times, I had broken out. Everything else was good for me. The scent, the texture, the pump were all dandy except the most important part which is my face's reaction to it didn't bid well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay has been a leading name in skincare for decades. While I was eager to try this product to test its benefits, the very first interaction I had with it stunned me. Upon receiving the box, I read the ingredients. This moisturizer is based entirely with alcohol. Alcohol can provide a quick drying, non-greasy finish but it also zaps your skin's natural moisture, creating the need for you to use more of the product. I decided to try and put that out of my mind and try this product anyway. It is a pleasantly not too heavy lotion that I used every day for two weeks morning and night. Indeed, the lotion sinks into skin and quickly disappears. I did not experience any residual flaking indicating that my skin was not becoming more dry after use. However, in order to maintain the moisture level regular use gave me, I simply have to keep using the product. Other products I've used tend to help my skin maintain its own moisture and I can use the products as-needed. This product requires regular use again, this is a side effect of the alcohol. While this moisturizer gave me a lovely soft feeling after use and it was not unpleasant to use, I simply would prefer to have a product that would not perpetuate itself in my regimen. Perhaps if Olay is able to change their formula, I would be willing to try it again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wanted to try this product as I am starting to notice lines and wrinkles and a few age spots on my face. I liked several of the claims, skin looking 10 years younger in 4 weeks and visibly reducing age spots. I figured i would give it a try and see if it worked. After using the product for several weeks I didn't notice a difference in the lines or age spots on my face and my skin certainly didn't look 10 years younger. I found the product to feel oily on my skin and didn't overly like the feel. The one positive was that it wasn't overly scented. I will be going back to my Olay complete moisturizer as the Total Effects 7 in 1 just didn't live up to it's claims. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am getting used to the smell but not the stickiness Of it. I know you can find Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 fragrance-free and I think I would try that one. It might me great during the summer when my skin is different ! Also the fact that it exists with sunscreen SPF 15!!! Is great for me in the summer. Because I am outside al lot and I would rather have some protection rather then none. And that good creams are rare these days with sunscreen!! So I will definitely check the price next time to see if it's worth the investment !! Oh when it comes to pores it's worse really ! But as far as changes in age spots or Might be a bit better actually ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I guess this just isn't the right kind of moisturizer for my skin type as I've had breakouts and blackheads showing up since I started using it. It doesn't feel heavy or greasy, it doesn't smell strongly, and I wanted to like it. Unfortunately I just can't. 2 stars for feeling good going on, any more than that would be lying because it's not working for me at all. I've had no wrinkle reduction, the bags under my eyes are just as bad as they were before, and my skin is greasy and gross a couple of hours after applying it. I'd give it one star but I don't think that's fair either as it's not a realistic gauge if it's not meant for my skin type. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this product for 2 weeks, and found no improvements in the look and feel of my skin. In fact, if anything, it made my skin feel,irretable almost itchy. Two days after I stopped using this cream the redness and irretablity stopped. So I am lead to believe it was the cream causing the redness. I also found the packaging to be an extreme wasteful . There was probably 10times more waste than product, not very enviromentally friendly. The feel of the cream was nice, it wasn't thick and greasy nor was it thin and watery. The smell was also very pleasant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have quite dry sensitive skin and I found that when I applied this moisturizer it stung and irritated the skin across my cheeks where I am especially dry. I didn't feel like it was very moisturizing and I really wanted to apply something else on top for the extra moisture. It was a bit uncomfortable but I was willing to give it a try for the night anyway. When I woke up my skin was very greasy and shiny. I felt like there was a coat of product that I wanted to wash off immediately. After washing my face was a bit dry but it actually looked fairly good. I didn't find this product comfortable for my skin and will not continue using it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this cream for about a week. I have super sensitive skin and am very cautious of the products that I use due to allergies. When this cream arrived I hoped that it would work for me. However, I was not one of the lucky ones and ended up with a bit of a rash after 5 or 6 days and had to discontinue using it. I did however pass the sample to my mom, who is in her late 60's and she loved the product! She said that it made her skin feel more soft but that she couldn't really notice the difference in fine lines or wrinkles. I did notice that she did have a more youthful appearance though. I'm keeping my eyes out for this product to hit the shelves to purchase for her as a gift :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was not all that impressed with Olay Total Effect 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. Firstly, I was put off by the smell. It is a faintly perfumed smell that I tend to associate with my 80-something year old grandmother. Secondly, it was not very moisturizing. I had to use at least double the amount of my regular moisturizer! Even then, my face still felt very dry almost instantly. I didn't notice any affect on the fine lines around my eyes and forehead. I did notice an improvement in my skin tone but that was about the only thing this product did for me. It is not something that I will buy in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well, I have been using Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer and was really hoping it would be a product that I could add to my beauty regime. Unfortunately, the perfume in it is way too overpowering and causes irritation and a weird tingly sensation, so it was a bit of a let down. The texture of the moisturizer is nice and creamy, but doesn't live up to its claims, at least for my skin type. I have to stick with my usual brands that don't contain any fragrance. I think if Olay could put out a product that is geared towards sensitive/reactive skin, I would love that. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer for almost 5 weeks. The sample size bottle is a great way for someone to try a new product without having to buy a full size bottle. It was the perfect size as it allowed me enough time and product in order to assess all of its claims. The cream is a very smooth almost silky texture and is easy to apply evenly. You need to know your skin though and avoid putting this on your oilyest areas. It was almost like it was too moisturizing for my skin! I started breaking out again like I was a teenager. I thought this would pass the longer I used the product but unfortunately it did not. As far as reducing fine lines and wrinkles, it helped a little around the mouth but my forehead lines remained quite pronounced. It did a very good job at reducing the appearance of dark spots though I have hyper pigmentation on my cheeks and this definitely helped reduce the appearance of the brown spots and help even out my skin tone. Overall, I think if you have very dry skin this product may help with moisturizing and keeping your skin tone even, but I would give it a pass on the anti wrinkle claim. I also wouldn't buy this product again because I do not want to relive the pimple face look of my teen years. I returned to using the Olay Regenerist line and my comexion has cleared up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try this Olay total effects 7 as it arrived for my 3988th birthday. I brought it to work to share and tell... And my co-workers joked that they ordered it for me as a gift. I work with mostly women (8)... And I told them all I received it as a free trial sample. I love the dispenser.. But it can come out too much too fast if you aren't careful. It's very smooth and has a beautiful silky texture... Goes on nicely without perfume (which was really nice). I have not seen any results, but I have had a blemish appear for over a week under my right eye which isn't usual for me. I stopped using it from that point... I didn't find my fountain of youth unfortunately! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I thought I would post a before and after picture but it seems like BzzAgent want me to put my review here now as I didn't finish the sample. So I'll not put this picture and just write my feelings about this cream...at least what I can tell for now. I really like the scent and the package. The pump is really effective and welll working. It was a great feeling to put this cream on my face every night but it is with most cream. For now I can't tell that I see much results, maybe a smoother skin but that's all. I don't think I will buy this cream because I had more results with my regular one. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I usually love Olay products but sadly, was not impressed by this one. I am not sure if the sample size provided long enough usage to really see results. I have combination oily skin with dry patches. I did not find this product to be very hydrating for my skin. I also could not get past the scent. I don't normally have issues with scent but this one was very irritating to me. I do like the Olay line of products but I am fairly certain that I would not purchase this or recommend this to my friends. I understand that we all have different skin and that what works on one person may not work on another, so I did mention to friends that I was trying the product. I wish I could write a glowing review, but I cannot. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The product did feel really silky and smooth when I put it on. I washed and had it on a clean face. I did however notice that over the two weeks, I had a few more blemishes especially on my chin and cheeks. My pores did look a bit small and not as noticeable but the pimples stood out. I had one that almost looked like a cold sore because of the size and location. I do occasionally get blemishes but this time it was worse. It may have minimized a few of my wrinkles but it was not that noticeable. I did not have anyone come up and mention anything about my skin looking any healthier. I will still try to keep using it to see if anything gets better as I did like the feel of my skin after. It was softer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First of all, I have very sensitive skin so I tend to be very picky when it comes to moisturizers. I usually use products by Fresh or Josie Maran. Around the 2nd day of using this product, I got very bad cystic acne coming out from my temple. It was really terrible. Then my skin starts to get red patches. I stopped using this product at once. The product was supposed to be non-comedogenic but it did cause problems with my sensitive skin. I also found it to be really thick and not at all fast absorbing. I was hoping to like this product since it claimed to have so many qualities but I think I will avoid this product from now on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really wanted this to be my product, but it's just not for me. I really like the initial texture. Went on very smooth and my skin felt very moisturized. A little too heavy of a fragrance for me, but it dissipated quite quickly. Unfortunately, it ended up being too heavy for me (even though I live in a very dry climate) I found my skin feeling greasy and looking shiny which I wasn't fond of. I do have quite a few darker spots on my skin, and really didn't notice any lightening - although the sample was small, so maybe it would have faded them more had I used the product longer I think that this product would be great for someone with EXTREMELY dry skin, or more aging skin (I am 42) It could be great, however it's just not great for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After testing out the moisturizer for 7 days, I noticed little change from my before and after picture. Then again, I do not have visible wrinkles or fine lines yet. I am still in my early 30s. It didn't even my skin tone, restore firmness nor smooth out lines or wrinkles. However, it did brighten, moisturize and soften my skin as well as minimize my pores. As for the age spots, I don't have any. I found that it works well as a foundation or primer as I was able to apply makeup smoothly. In conclusion, I don't recommend this Olay product. It didn't seem to live up to its hype, however to be fair, my skin is still young so I think it'd probably show more results on a more aging skin. Personally, I would just buy the classic Olay moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
At first look I really enjoy the product. I love that type of bottle that lift up inside at each pump you lost less product that way. I also love the smell a lot and the texture too. But once I put it on my face just after my tonic the first time I did burn . .. a lot! I had to remove it and I waited about half an hour before trying it again. It wasn't confortable but after few minutes it was okay. I put it morning and evening everyday for five days because I comitted to try it but at morning 6 I wake up and my face was hyper sensitive and had many spots of eczema on it. I like many olay products but this one I Will not recomand it to anyone specialy if they have sensitive skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay Total effects is a pleasant facial lotion which packs alot of power as a all in one moistuurrizer. I really liked the scent and the feel of the moisturizer. It did not feel greasy. I used it for 2 weeks and I did notice a difference in my neck and face, it felt softer. On the third week, my skin started to react to the moisturizer, I developed a allergic reaction. My face developed small bumps and it became itchy so I had to discontinue using the product. After 3 days, my rash went away but it was still a bit itchy. I passed the lotion to my sister and she has used it with no problems. I am glad I had a chance to sample this product and to share it with others. I feel this moisturizer is not for me as I am allergic to this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really wanted to like this product was hoping it worked, but after trying Olay Total Effects 7 in One Anti-Aging Moisturizer, I have to say I am very disappointed. I saw no difference in my fine lines wrinkles, no difference in my skin tone, no difference in minimizing the look of my pores, no difference in age spots no difference in the firmness of my skin. If nothing else, I was hoping it would at least be a great moisturizer, but unfortunately, for me, it didn't do a very good job at moisturizing either. I have used much cheaper moisturizing products that have worked much better at hydrating my skin. So all in all this product was a huge disappointment for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This was my first time using a moisturizer as part of my daily makeup routine. I have to say I was disappointed in the results. The bad news: I only saw one out of seven effects work on my skin. I noticed an even skin tone and that effect worked consistently which is why it deserves the 2 stars. But I was disappointed that the other effects were non-existent. This moisturizer still was a good simple product if you're not looking for the extra features. It is easy to apply and didn't cause me any breakouts. It isn't scented which is a nice touch since the smell of makeup isn't always nice. Despite its good points, I still have to say I cannot recommend Olay Total Effects because it doesn't give visible anti-aging results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As a 27 year old, I am beginning to see the signs of aging on my face. Fine lines around my eyes are probably what I notice most. I also have combination skin. So, when I saw I had the chance to try out Olay Total Effects, 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer I jumped at it. After the first few days, my skin felt softer, and not as dry as it was before, which was exciting. I live in Saskatchewan, and the winter is cold and dry-- so I've struggled to keep my skim moisturized. However, a few days later, my face broke out in painful acne, which I haven't had in years. This could be a totally unrelated incident, but it was enough for me to stop using the cream, and I don't feel comfortable recommending it to friends either. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
At my age I am definitely in the target market for this moisturizer and was really excited to give it a try. Unfortunately it didn't work with my skin type. I found that it stung on my checks and especially dry and sensitive areas. It wasn't enough to make me wash it off but it was uncomfortable. As a moisturizer this was not intense enough for me. My skin felt dry and tight and like it had a heavy film on it that wouldn't sink in. My skin looked fine after a night of using it but I didn't notice any Immediate improvements in my skin tone. I won't be continuing to use this product but will pass it on to a friend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First, I have to say I am quite sceptical about anti-aging creams and quite doubtful of their real efficiency. To put the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer to test, I applied it only to the right side of my face for 4 weeks and used my regular face moisturizer on the left side. I then asked my husband, my mother and a friend which side of my face looked better... and they did not see any difference. To be honest, I could not see the difference neither. So no miracle here, the 7 in 1 cream was not anti-aging. Still, it was a good moisturizer. I really liked the smooth texture and how it leaves my skin soft. Not sure it's worth the extra money for the anti-aging tough. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I first saw the benefits of the Olay regenerist cream, I was quite excited to try it. I found the texture to be thick, but went on smooth. The texture was a little tacky after applying. I used the product morning and night after cleansing. I was not able to properly assess the benefits of the product because my skin began reacting poorly. I started to get rashes, swollen, redness and dry patches after one week of use. After that I have discontinued use. It should be noted that I am generally allergic to sunscreen ingredients, but there was no SPF listed on the cream, so I thought it would be safe. I really had hoped this would work on me, but unfortunately it wasn't a good fit. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I received my sample I was a little surprised at such a small trial size. I decided to just use it around my under-eye area so I could get a better idea of the results without running out of the product too soon. I was immediately turned off by the heavily perfumed scent it had. Why put fragrance in a facial product when it's a known irritant Thankfully, the smell dissipated fairly quickly and applied nicely. Didn't feel too greasy or heavy and my primer went over it just fine, as did my foundation. I didn't have any pilling of products and no creasing of makeup. On the other hand, I didn't notice any brightening or anything else it claimed. It was a pretty decent moisturizer and that's about it. If the fragrance was removed, I may consider buying this but mostly I'll stick to what I already use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really excited about trying this product...and it was perfect timing because I had just run out of my usual go-to, that I was coincidentally, also getting tired of. I am 35 now, so I am definitely on the look out for a good anti-aging moisturizer. My first impressions were that I liked the packaging, and the pump seemed like a good option. For me though, the moisturizer itself was too thick. I like more of the gel style because it glides on more easily. It seems when it's thicker you tend to use more. And it had a fragrance,while I prefer fragrance free, as a person with skin sensitivities. I stuck with it for a few days though and I did really like its moisturizing abilities. My dry skin diminished. Not sure if it improved my lines or uneven skin tone. TBA as I continue with its use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love iteveryone should try this it's great I love this product it makes you look younger it took away all my wrinkles everybody is amazed about how I look and I looked to be about 15 years younger
When I got my sample of Total Effects from Olay I was really excited because Olay products are great. I'm not showing much signs of aging yet but it's never too early to try to take care of your skin. My skin is dry so I'm always trying to find something that will help keep my skin looking and feeling great. Sadly I don't think Total Effects is the product for me. Not only did I have a breakout after using the product for a few days but my skin felt tight and sort of leathery. I had to stop using it after two weeks. This hasn't sullied me on the Olay brand. Perhaps my skin was just too sensitive. So I would suggest if you have sensitive skin to get a smaller bottle to make sure you don't have the same experience as I did. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use such quality skincare products now that I actually found my skin didnt look quite as good as it normally does. I find that after applying this lotion my face felt really waxy, or like it had a layer of plastic on it. I really disliked the smell of the lotion as well. As soon as I apply the lotion I immediately have to wash my hands. Now my skin did feel very soft after using it, but I haven not noticed any improvement in my skin at all. I gave the 2 rating just for the softness, but overall this seems to be like most anti aging product on the market all hype and no results. Now that being said I really dont have any wrinkles but the overall feel of my skin is no where near the same when I use my Seacret products. I'm thankful that I was able to try this product. Being a bzzagent member has its benefits to see if certain products actually work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I started using Olay TotalEffects 7 in 1 anti-aging moisturizer 3 days ago and noticed quickly that it was not doing wonder on my face. I have dry, sensitive, acne prone skin with rosacea. I am in my 30's. I mixed this product with my foundation thinking that it would blend well. Unfortunately, after a couple of days, I noticed more breakouts on my face and was very disappointed. I also did not like the fragrance in this product. Because my skin is so sensitive, I am very careful not to use scented product on my face. I also noticed my face being more red (at the end of the day after removing my make up). I did not notice any benefit from the couple of days that I used it. I wished this product was doing wonder for me but it did not. Maybe you will have better results I am sure it is worth to try, especially if you do not have any acne and if your skin is not too sensitive. The size is cute and the product, because it is 7 in 1, covers many steps that usually, we would need many more products to do the job. For busy moms and-or busy working women, this product is definitely a must-have for the morning routine, since it can replace many of the products we use everyday. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using Olay products for over 10 years. I love the Olay complete moisturizer and I have never been able to find a moisturizer that I prefer more. I had hoped the Total Effects 7 in 1 anti aging sample would be similar if not better however that is not the case. I was excited about the anti aging claim with the vitamin complex as I am not a teenager anymore. I'm sure every woman wants to have younger looking skin. I have used the product for a few weeks now and I haven't noticed a difference in the fine lines, skin firmness, the size of my pores or age spots. The claim of looking 10 years younger in only 4 weeks was just not going to happen. I did find my skin to feel greasier so I won't be using the product anymore. I will continue using my Olay Complete moisturizer instead. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was pretty excited to be given the chance to try Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer as I have fond memories of a beloved Aunt using Oil of Olay (flashback!) in her beauty routine. Sadly, so far I am not that impressed with it. For me, as I have sensitive skin I have to be careful what I use. Unfortunately, when I applied this moisturizer to my skin after my shower (as I always do with my usual moisturizer) I immediately noticed not only the smell (pleasant but I prefer unscented) but the fact that it was hurting my skin a little. I experienced a slight burning pain. It didn't last long and I think it might be due to my dry sensitive skin but it is something for others with similar skin to be made aware of. I skipped a day of using it and now I will try it next before makeup application instead to see how that goes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was cautious about using Olay Total Effects as I have had reactions to Olay products in the past. After a couple of uses I was pleased that it seemed to be fine. OK, now it was time for the true testing. I had previously been using expensive syrums and creams that worked great but were costly so if this worked it would be fabulous. It was a nice lotion, not too heavy or too fragranced (although I didn't care for the scent but it disappeared quickly). Sadly, I won't be using this product on a regular basis. It kept my skin from drying out but as far as anything else it almost went backwards. My pores and fine lines seemed to show up more and it did nothing to even skin tone. I guess my skin was reacting to it just not as strongly as it normally would with dry skin and irritation. It may be a nice lotion for those that can use it, unfortunately it is not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really wanted to like this product as I have used Olay products in the past but this just wasn't for me. I have really sensitive skin and tend to be cautious about putting new products on my face as I have had terrible allergic reactions in the past. While I did not get an allergic reaction to this particular product it did however make me break out. I don't have any fine lines or wrinkles so I cannot comment on how it performed there. I have continued to use this for a couple of weeks not to try and get through that purging stage but I don't see any improvements to my skin. My skin actually feels quite oily with this moisturizer on and I already have oily skin to begin with. It does however keep my skin hydrated, if anything I would suggest for the oily girls out there to use this as an overnight regimen instead. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i really wanted to like this product. I was so excited when I got the invite. Was a bit surprised by how small the bottle was. I thought I was supposed to try this every day for 4 weeks. Thought maybe it just went really far so I gave it a go. First thing I noticed was how strong the scent was. Re-reading the info on this website it says you can find in both fragrance free and with sunscreen. The actual sample I had wasn't actually fragance free. Now it probably wouldn't bother anyone else but I'm a bit sensitive. Luckily it didn't trigger a migraine for me. After 2nd day my skin felt a bit tight and itchy. FIgured it was just working. Woke up 3rd day with blotches Wasnt' sure what was causing this so I stopped everything - shampoo, laundry soap, etc. Took 3 days for blotchiness to go away. Tried again 2 days later. This time reaction was stronger... within 24 hours rash and burning. Worst thing about this (and unfortunately it's happened before) is there's nothing you can do. You can wash and wash but sometimes that makes it even worse. Luckily I still had almost 1/2 bottle left so I was able to give it to a friend. More about that in my bzz report. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I definitely think I'm too young to really see any actual difference after using this product. I've been applying it almost daily for the past two weeks, and I've seen no real difference in my skin tone or texture. The pores on my nose are a tad bit smaller, but I wouldn't credit that to this moisturizer alone - I think just getting into the habit of washing my face every morning so I could apply it had more of an effect then the actual product. It also has a slight tint to it that didn't match my skin tone at all, which I didn't notice until I was out in the sunlight. I'm very pale, and the moisturizer has an almost yellow tone to it. It definitely looked off, and I made sure to apply to my face AND neck to insure even coverage. Seeing as I'm only 25, I'm aware that I'm not the target audience for this particular product. I'm thankful I was given the opportunity to try it out, but I won't be purchasing any for the future! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When i think of Olay, I think of the pink cream and the smell I automatically associate to my grandmother and her friends. it goes without saying that i was sceptical when I signed up for this project but i was pleasantly surprised. This product is goes on easy, does not have a greasy or heavy feel and there is a very pleasant smell to it. Most importantly, it left my skin feeling refreshed and soft, this being said. I did not notice any changes with the promised results of this product ( smaller pores, finer lines, enhance brightness,...) and after a few days, I did find that my skin was getting dry and starting to flake on my nose and forehead. So to sum this up. My biggest concern was the smell and I did not need to worry about this, this product is great to apply and goes on comfortably and easy. However, I would have to give it a failing grade based on the fact that I dont believe it holds up to it's 7 anti-aging claim, and because it seemed to dry out my skin, not only did I not appear younger but my skin did not look healty. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using Olay Total Effects 7-1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer now for a couple weeks and so far I haven't seen much difference to my skin tone, age spots. What I do like about it so far is that it keeps my face moisturized and absorbs really quickly and doesn't leave your skin shiny. I actually love the size of the trial product because it is small and you will use it up in less time which means all the active ingredients would not have been exposed to the air for as long as it would take to use up a full size bottle. The dispenser helps with oxidization and contamination since it is a pump unit but still there likely is a time sensitivity for the active ingredients in it. What is really disappointing and not surprising is that I see no difference to the large pores around my nose, my number 1 beef about my skin. I really don't think anything can actually make your pores shrink but I keep trying. Since it's only about 2 weeks it may be that results start to show as I continue to use it. I'll keep you posted... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I use Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer every morning and besides keeping my skin moisturized I don't really see any other difference. I am 29 and look like I'm 18 ( I still get ID'd at the liquor store) so I don't have any fine lines or age spots. I do find that I have a slight uneven skin tone but haven't seen a major difference since I started using the lotion. I do have very dry skin so I have noticed that my face looks brighter and more hydrated but I feel like I can get the same results from other products. The cream has a nice light scent, not over powering at all, I thought the lotion seemed a little thick but it absorbs rather quickly and I put my make over top of it. My skin is definitely softer, but I think there is something cheaper on the market that can get me the same results as I find this to be rather expensive if I'm just using it as a daily moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
wonderfully, did not have to work it into my skin too much since it absorbed easily. The moisturizing hydrating aspect is wonderful. However, I have oily-combination acne prone skin. Before using this product my acne was under control with extremely low surfacing. I used the product for a week every night, I noticed new acne bumps on my skin. Additionally, my skin became oily throughout the day forcing me to blot a few times. I did not notice the other benefits because the resurfacing of my acne caused a big concern. I do not recommend the product if you have oily or acne prone skin. However, if you have dry skin, it may bring you better results than just moisture alone as Olay advertises. The product should advertise best skin types the product is suited for, knowing before you buy is better than realizing the product is not for you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am in my mid 40's and have very oily skin. I was only able to use this product for a couple of days before my face looked like it was back in high school (i.e., full of pimples). If you have combination/oily skin, I would suggest trying a sample or the trial size of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer first to make sure it doesn't cause you to break out. I was hoping for a starter anti-aging product to act as prevention for fine lines and firm up my pores a little. For me, I found that the moisturizer was not absorbed by my skin and it seemed to just sit on top of the skin layer, clogging my pores. It does have a pleasant scent and I really wanted to like it, but it's just too rich and moisturizing for my skin to even test it further to see if the rave anti-aging effects are applicable. I was able to test this product for free from BzzAgent for review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was so excited to try Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 face cream, which is supposed to be ultra moisturizing while providing 7 other anti aging properties. I normally have really oily skin, but lately, especially with it being winter in Canada, my face has been very dry. The first time I tried it, I put it on at night, before bed, and woke up with the softest skin I'd had in a while. I was so happy! So I put it on the next night after my shower, and woke up and my skin was so greasy and oilly i felt like i had dumped my face in a tub of oil! I washed my face and put the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 cream back on and left the house. By that evening, I had broken out into a million zits and blemishes. The next night I used my usual skin cream, and the zits were all gone. Im sure this is a good cream, but for my skin tone, its too moisturizing, or just not right for my skin. I really wish that I would have known how full or moisture this cream was or how it reacts with oily skin, before I got it the cream and broke out after 3 days of using it. Currently I'm not using it, but I think I'm going to try it again, maybe only using it every other day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm so sad. I had such high expectations for this product.. I love Olay and use many Olay products. However, this particular product.. Olay Total Effects 7 In One did not meet expectations. Lets start with the good! Very light weight and non greasy!! Nice scent too! Unfortunately, it also left my face red and patchy. I used it faithfully every day for an entire week, hoping that it would get better and less abrasive on my skin, but it did not. It didn't even my skin tone in the least, instead it became blotchy. It also therefore didn't enhance brightness. I had to then use a BB creme over it to even and brighten my skin, and found that it just created a paste with the OLAY Total Effects 7, even though I waited half hour one day, before applying. I also didn't notice any change in fine lines or wrinkles. Overall, I believe this product failed to live up to the claims. I wonder if it would have changed my mind a bit if it was tinted, and left and even colour/glow This won't stop my from buying Olay products, but I would not purchase this one. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very excited to try the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. My first impressions were good based the level of moisture, texture subtle but pleasant scent. The application was wonderful, did not have to work it into my skin too much since it absorbed easily. The moisturizing hydrating aspect is wonderful. However, I have oily-combination acne prone skin. Before using this product my acne was under control with extremely low surfacing. I used the product for a week every night, I noticed new acne bumps on my skin. Additionally, my skin became oily throughout the day forcing me to blot a few times. I did not notice the other benefits because the resurfacing of my acne caused a big concern. I do not recommend the product if you have oily or acne prone skin. However, if you have dry skin, it may bring you better results than just moisture alone as Olay advertises. The product should advertise best skin types the product is suited for, knowing before you buy is better than realizing the product is not for you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been a HUGE fan of Olay's pink hydrating lotion since...well, forever. Recently, however, I've noticed the small beginnings of a smile line at the corner of my mouth. I came to this site and was referred to Total Effects Daily Moisturizer through the Olay For You guided tutorial. I was skeptical because I entered that I had oily skin, and that seemed like it would be too heavy. Nonetheless, I trusted them and gave it a shot. Unfortunately, they were wrong. A few days into the change, my skin started breaking out, and the pores appeared larger. I know that skin can break out just because its routine is being shaken up, so I intended to wait 2 weeks to be sure. I made it to day 8 before finally pulling the plug. I had 4 pimples instead of my usual 0-1, and my skin just looked greasier and not as good. And that smile line is still there! I will be going back to my Pink Stuff! And to tell the truth, at about 20 a bottle, I'm kind of glad that the Total Effects didn't work! I would much rather be a slave to a 9 jar than a 20 one!
Well, I've given Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti Aging Moisturizer a very good go. Everyday so far (except today). What are the good points and the bad points PROS: Smells nice, feels luxurious on the skin when first applied, good consistency, not greasy. NEGATIVES: It leaves a white film on your skin if you happen to rub your face a minute after you've placed it on. This is true even on newly scrubbed skin that has no dead skin left on it so it isn't dead skin. Also, I think this actually made my fine lines stick out MORE. Before I tried this product, I hardly had any fine lines. I had great skin. I used to use my regular moisturizer and was very happy with it, this cream seemed to accentuate the fine lines around my eyes. I've not used the product in the last 2 days and voila! my skin looks great again, no fine lines around my eyes. This is all hype without much substance unfortunately. Would never recommend! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So let me start by saying this is a very good moisturizer. My skin was left feeling soft and hydrated. I have very dry skin so this was good. That's about all the good I have to say about it. The scent of this cream was way to overpowing for me. I am a bit sensitive to scents and this was just too much for me, I was feeling sick and it lingered for a lone time. Also my skin is sensitive and I think because of the amount of perfume in this it make me itchy and red and so I had to stop using it after a few usues. I did pass in on to my mom, who has more mature skin then me and she loves it. She feels like it does smooth some of her fine lines and leaves her skin feeling soft and smooth. so I guess it just depends on your skin. If you are sensitive like me then I would stay away from this, but if not and you want a good moisturizer that does have some anti aging properties then this product will be good for you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 has some pretty high claims so I was pretty excited to try the sample size cream. I did notice upon opening the cream that there was a slight scent to the cream. The texture is very light and it doesn't feel greasy on the skin. It does make the skin feel smoother and it does seem to hold moisture in the skin. After a couple of uses the skin around my eyes started to get itchy. And after two more uses it got worse, so I knew right away it was the cream. I kept on using the cream and avoided getting close to my eyes at all, which I find such a pain. I didn't notice any difference in my fine lines or sun spots. The only thing I liked was the way it made my skin feel. I have now had to stop using the cream because any residual cream that I may have had on my fingers would irritate the skin around my eyes if I was rubbing them at all. I really wish this cream were scent free and hypoallergenic. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone with sensitive skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well I was given a sample of the Olay total effects 7 in 1 anti aging moisturizer to try in exchange for my honest review. Well, I just celebrated that certain birthday that some would say would make me over the hill. Do I have fine lines yes, but earned every one of them so when some product claims to fight fine lines and other things, I'll give it a try. Firstly, it's in a really cute and easy to handle package. It's supposed to be a 4 week sample amount but I doubt it. My skin is dry so it soaks it right up. Which brings up one really great aspect of the product....its doesn't burn my skin like other non hypoallergenic moisturizers do. I have been using the product for almost 3 weeks now and other than a great moisturizer, I have to say its not anti aging anything. Would i recommend this product I guess that is ultimately going to depend on what the price will be when I head to the drug store . Its a great moisturizer but nothing else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's a really wonderful product and good product it moisture the skin and revive. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoyed trying out the new anti-aging moisturizer from Olay but unfortunately I didn't see all the effects this 7-in-1 promised. I have been using it daily for 4 weeks every morning before I apply makeup, and sometimes at night before bed. It comes in an easy pump container and applied very smoothly and absorbed quickly into the skin. It left a matte finish and had no oily characteristics at all. It has a very faint moisturizer scent, but is less noticeable than other Olay products I've tried (I like scented products). Of the seven benefits listed the one I did find it succeeded in was the moisturization. It's a very good facial moisturizer and does so without being greasy or oily throughout the day. I was happy to be able to apply it under makeup without problems. It prevented dryness and flaky skin that I can get a lot in the winter. When it comes to the evens skin toneclaim, it was successful in just providing an oil-less matte finish. But this is just to say it looks like my natural skin and that there's no product on it. It didn't even out my complexion though. Now sadly the other 5 signs of aging continued with me. I saw no difference in my fine lines, wrinkles, and crow's feet. And I was surprised that it didn't enhance brightness. I've used a lot of Olay products that did have beautiful microscopic shimmers/illuminations in the moisturizers and this one had none. It didn't brighten at all. My pores were also the same large size I can see them without a magnifying mirror. I don't feel it made my face any firmer either. I have the same amount of elasticity and softness as before. I was really looking forward to seeing a difference in my age spots. I do use an ineffective age spot treatment nightly dabbed onto these spots and have used this for a year with not lightening. My point is that every night I use a magnifying mirror to examine them and after 4 weeks of using this Olay Total Effects product they are all still accounted for and the same size and darkness. I really wish they would go away. So overall I have no difference in appearance to my face and its flaws and therefore do not look visibly younger. It is a nice facial moisturizer suitable for both morning and evening application, but that is as far as I can recommend it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received my Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. Eventhough I am often mistaken for looking much younger than I really am, I have noticed some progressive signs of aging on my face in the last couple of years. As such, I was was very excited to try this moisturizer out. I have been looking for an alternative moisturizer to combat some fine lines that have begun to form on my face - largely on my forehead between my eyebrows as well as below my eyes around my upper cheek area. The other reason I was excited to try this moisturizer was to combat some of my other problem areas: I have uneven skin tone that appears dull without makeup and I have large pores that are difficult to mask even with foundation. I also have very oily skin but combined with dry patches when I don't properly moisturize. The Olay Total Effects packaging was very nice looking and I was able to open the packaging easily. Due to my sensitive skin and allergies to certain chemicals found in many beauty and makeup products, I instantly scrutinized the list of ingredients. Fortunately none of the ingredients listed matched the small list of chemicals I am known to be allergic to. My next step was to pump some of the product onto my hand to do a a patch test on my wrist. The pump easily dispensed a small dollop of product and I found it quite easy to control the amount that was dispensed. Next I proceeded to do a smell test as I generally do not prefer any strong perfumes or smells to be applied to my skin. I found that the smell was gentle and not overpowering at all - just a hint of floral-like scent that didn't linger whatsover. Next I applied some of the moisturizer to the inside of my wrist. The moisturizer glided on smoothly and absorbed into my skin without leaving any residue or oily feeling. This was a huge plus for me. I repeated this patch test over the course of a week to ensure no hives or rashes. Finally I felt confident enough to apply the product to my face. This was done nightly right after cleansing my face. The moisturizer seemed to absorb easily into my skin and generally didn't leave an oily appearance. It also seemed to moisturize the skin. However this is pretty much where the PROS of this product stops. After repeatedly applying the moisturizer to my face every night, I did not notice any change in my skin. In fact, I noticed dry flakey patches the next morning where I had applied the moisturizer. This was very disappointing to see - especially since my regular moisturizer never left flakey patches. Another great disappointment is that the moisturizer did nothing to smooth out my fine lines and forehead wrinkles. There was absolutely no improvement. My pores were still largely visible and my skin tone no brighter. All in all, I had high hopes for Olay Total Effects but the moisturizer did not seem to have any effect on my skin. Perhaps the formulation and/or the ingredients is not what my skin needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Im 25 with few wrinkles this product was more so a not plesant mostrizer maybe in a few years I will buy and retry This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Why did you remove spf 15 option This was the only moisturizer with sunscreen which didn't aggravate my rosacea. Bring it back, please!!!!
Seemed to improve texture but caused breakouts. I usually do not have sensitive skin so I don't know why it bothered me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this product for only a couple days. I however so far really like it and hope the affects show soon. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I found this product to not moisturize enough and caused me to break out a little. It has a nice consistency and feels light on your face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am not a fan. The smell is off putting and it doesn't leave my skin moist. I also noticed I was itchy, maybe a reaction to the scent. I won't be buying this agin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that if this cream was less fragrant it might be less irritating for my sensitive skin. I really wanted to love Olay total effects, but I just can't. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I did not like the product at all. Left my skin oily and shiny. Also did not have a nice scent to it. Did not see any resultat on my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wasn't what i thought it would be. Pump took a few times to finally works. Glad i gave it a try though would definately consider purchasing it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have such fair skin that this product is too scented and oily for it. I dont like the scent of the product and it takes longer to absorb into my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Didn't like this very much. The fragrance is really strong and burned my eyes and the formula pills. Could not use before makeup and found what did stay on my face rubbed off very easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i received my kit today, I'm very excited to try it and a little nervouse may products don't work well on my face . i'm really hoping this is different than the last Olay product I used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Overall a decent moisturizer, but for my combination skin this product just isn't for me. I can't use it daily to even comment on the anti-aging effects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've used this daily since receiving it and haven't found that it's moisturizing very well. Even when I've used it a few times a day. It isn't evening out my skin tone either. Overall, not impressed. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the product for few days. The texture and sent of the cream is very nice. But for my type of skin, it didn't fit. Too oily. After few days, I got pimples. It is probably a good product for the right skin type but not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just received the lastest BzzAgent campaign for Olay Total Effects and am excited although skeptical to try this product. Being in my 40's now, and recently becoming a grandma, I'm starting to try to recapture my youth. Let's face it I'd rather not look my age. I'm beginning to notice some fine lines around my eyes, the evidence of age-spots and blotchy looking skin. Over the years I've tried numerous products that claim they address similar issues and to say I was disappointed would be an understatement. When I opened my BzzAgent campaign, my first impression was wow, that bottle sure is cute but very, very tiny. If I've learned anything from being a BzzAgent is that unless you try it don't always go on first impressions. So being the objective person I am, I'm going to include Olay Total Effects into my daily regime. Yesterday was day 1, after showering I performed my usual facial cleansing, exfoliating followed by Olay Total Effects. It took but a moment to realize that the reason that the bottle is so tiny is because you really don't need as much product as you'd think. It completely saturated into my skin, leaving it feeling velvety (If that's a word) and not greasy as most products tend to leave my skin. I have not yet noticed a visual difference, but am impressed with the feel of my skin and a very light scent. I've found that the products I've tried can tend to smell like medicine, but this is very subtle. I feel confident that if I use this product daily within a week I should notice some differences, so I'll be checking back in with updates. I'm really hoping that this product does what it claims, to have people say wow, I can't believe your a grandma, look at your skin, would be the ultimate compliment. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I subbed in my other anti aging cream for this oil of Olay. After 3 days I was breaking out all over, my face was a oil pool and I normally have dry skin so it shocked me. I discontinued use right away very disappointed. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I found this cream to have a nice texture when putting it on. But it doesn't seem to moisturize as much as I'd like it to. I also found that it caused me to break out a little bit. I wouldn't purchase this in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that this produce was a good moisturizer, it smells great and feels very nice on the skin. However, there wasn't enough of the product in the sample to really use it for the time period. Didn't really notice any difference in my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I decided to continue trying this product s little longer to see if my review would change, but it unfort. Has not. I have not noticed any changes while using this product. It helps with moisturizing but that's all I liked about it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer went on smooth without leaving my fingers feeling oily, but I found the scent a little strong for me. I also didn't notice any difference with my skin after usage. I'm normally a fan of Olay products, but I think I will pass on this one. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using this item for the past couple weeks. I am not happy with the item and won't be continuing use. I don't see a difference and I don't like the feel of it on my skin. I have used other products that have worked better in comparison. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have not had success with this product, this is not for me This product has made my skin break out and has not helped with my dryness! I have no doubt that this product would work wonders on other skin types, however I will not be trying this product again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this product would be great for a person who does not have sensitive skin. I found it a little too scented for my liking. I also found that it clogged my pores. Perhaps this is best used as part of a night time regime rather than during the day with makeup. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Because it smells good because it faces cream and it work good on your feet
This product had some good qualities and unfortunatley, some bad. I found this to be just too heavy for my combo/oily skin. It actually made my skins texture bumpy and I did not continue to use it. I love other Olay products but this one was just not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am finding that this product is not working well for my skin type! I have been using my trial size however my skin has broken out in white heads! I have several girlfriends who swear by this product, however in my opinion this is not the product for me! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It seemed to improve ski time BUT I also ended up with my skin breaking out. I'm not usually sensitive to new products but his time it seemed to bother me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It worked great at first , but as I continued to use it my face started to brake out . I wouldn't spend my money on it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
although it smells nice and was an ok moisturizer the product did nothing along the lines of anti aging or improving upon the way my skin has already aged over the years. i even tried to simply use it on one half of my face for comparison purposes and there were still no discernable results after 7 days This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I just started using it but I'm not really noticing a difference maybe because the kit didn't have enough to make a proper review or maybe I'm just not noticing This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It's an overall ok face cream. But at the moment I have extremely dry skin and this cream just isn't working for me. It is leaving my nose and for head with dry patches so I will have to switch back to my old stuff... I didn't see any change in my skins appearance but then agaiN I did not give it the 4 weeks it has asked for. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These cookies are way too sweet if u like a lot of sweets it maybe will work for u
It's hard for me to watch a movie that doesn't have anything uplifting. I watch movies to get away from reality and this just brings me down.
I was very much looking forward to seeing this movies for many months. I got the DVD for Christmas, and was very disappointed. The movie was not as good as I had expected.
...but I have watched it a few times and it is growing on me.
I ordered this because we rarely get to see these characters for girls! However, the fitting is pretty off. I ordered a twin size sheet set and it's too big for my daughter's twin size mattress. It keeps ruffling up and I have to keep fixing it. Other than that love the pink TNMT idea!
Price keeps going up, while quality is often off.
Quality suffering lately. Twice I threw it away because the olives tasted off.. perhaps rotten. Won't buy again.
This is a blu ray disk but the quality is very poor. I own both of these on dvd and musy admit the quality is better on dvd than the blu ray I purchased. Both were played on a Samsung bd-c6500.
The bottle for this product is amazing, and it smells great too, rids of the oils. But the actual product strips and dries your hair of its natural shine. Do not use daily unless you want straw like hair.
Need I say more
I used this product a couple years ago, I have compliments about how shiny and sleeky my hair was, (I never asked anyone if they noticed any difference on my hair, they just noticed it). However, my hair had bad tangle, I lost a lot of hair just running my fingers through the hair, it tangled a lot at the ends. So I stopped using it, and I don't have this issue with other Pantene's shampoo.
This and Aqualight (discontinued) used to be my favorite shampoos. My fine hair would come out nice and clean, but not coated or dry. However, when I was at the store today I noticed that they changed the scent of the whole line, including this one. It's like a perfume-y, sweet, fake strawberry infused scent. I do not like it at all. Pantene, please change it back!
I bought this mop in November, 2014. I liked it because of the reusable pads, wide mop head, refillable bottle, and no batteries needed for the sprayer trigger. That's all good. However, after using it a few times the trigger failed. I exchanged the mop for a new one. Well, I'm sorry to say, this one has now failed as well. I really like the mop and all the features but the trigger needs to be made to last. Everything is excellent except for the trigger (The trigger doesn't spring back anymore). That's a major problem.
I bought this mop a few months ago. After a short time, the small red plastic thing on the bottle came out and broke. Not the centre one,but the smaller one to the side. Now, the water pours out and the bottle is extremely difficult to remove from the mop. I am disappointed that this broke so easily and also disappointed that I cannot buy a replacement bottle.
I really liked my mop. I had it less then a month and the sprayer stopped spraying. so now i spray the my cleaning stuff on the floor and then wipe it up.
The spray handle has not worked correctly since I purchaed it!!I really like the product, but it just doesn't work!
I love the concept of the mop, but the mop split right up the seam that holds the bottle in place.
I bought this mop and was so excited that I could use my own favorite brand of mopping solution in it. However, the trigger handle stopped working and now it won't spray. This was my favorite mop.....
I have had to buy two mops and the handles broke on both mops. It's soo very disappointing because other than that, the mop worked well.
I am on my second mop purchase. I loved my first one enough that I bought a second one after the trigger sprayer broke. I have had this one about 8 months and the trigger is not working on this one now. I love having 2 mop cloths and 2 bottles (one for the ceramic solution and one for the hardwood) but am frustrated with the quality of the sprayer. I am not really happy about purchasing another one if I will have the same thing happen. This site says new and improved, but not sure what has changed with the mop.
I bought this about 4 weeks ago and would love this mop. But the trigger stopped working within a week of having it! Very disappointing...
I am not happy with this product bought about 5 months ago. suddenly this morning it decides not to spray and the handle you pull does not spray acts like it is broken will not push to spray the water.
I have bought this mop not a long time ago and the bottle doesn't spray anymore and doesn't stay in place. I'm really disappointed.
This is such a great concept, but the workmanship is terrible. I bought my second one because the first one rusted out and even though I had to strap the bottle in to keep it working, it was worth it, because when it works it is awesome. The second one worked about 3 times and then wouldn't squirt no more and leaked all over the place. What a dissappointment!!!! I had already thrown away my receipt from Home Depot, so I can't take it back. I work 50 hours a week, have 4 Labs, 2 cats, horses, cows and need some help keeping things clean, unfortunately this is not the one to buy.
I bought this in May. The sprayer stopped working 2 months ago. It's still useable as long as you put water on the floor first. The idea is great much better than other products if only it still worked
I really loved this product until the whole head broke off and is not repairable. Wish I kept the receipt!
Love the mop head but the spray stopped working on two brand new mops, almost immediately.
I loved the mop, but 2 weeks after I purchased it the lever to dispense the liquid wouldn't work. HELP!
This is a second spray mop for me I would advise you to stay away
Not the sturdiest. Sprayer broke, bottle leaked and caused it to rust. Whole mop head snapped off.. better off buying a cheaper version.
I have purchased two reveal mops and both triggers only worked for about 5 uses. Other than that, I like how well it cleans the floors.
I bought two and got them two weeks ago and one is already broken as the sprayer just stopped working no tension. ugh :(
I have now purchased about 8 mops. I love them while they last, but the handles keep breaking off near the head.
Love the idea and how it use to work. Sprayer quit and now I know it isn't just mine. But I won't be buying a new one since I have read the reviews.
I have had to buy two mops and the handles broke on both mops. It's soo very disappointing because other than that, the mop worked well.
Bought this mop when it first came out last summer and it has been about 7 months and the handel broke. Can not find out if it has any warenty.
Not too long ago I purchased the Reveal spray mop and the bottle has collapsed itself. How do I get a new one and for how much and where
This is my third one. They are good for a few months and then they stop spraying. Lousy design. DON'T BUY unless you are planning to buy a new one every 2-3 months!
I loved my Rubbermaid Reveal but after 45 days it completely snapped in half while I was mopping. I'm not a strong girl at all so I know it wasn't my strength that did it.
I loved the mop, but after using it a few times the handle pops out of the base. The plastic knobs that secure it to the base are worn down after only using it for a month!
We have 7 parrots that need special cleaning products. This seemed like a wonderful product - until it broke after just a few uses. The concept is great - the quality really stinks.
My wife bought this about 3-4 months ago and loves it, but the sprayer stopped working, fix that and you will have a great product.
The new mop worked great on the first use however,from the second use on the spray did not work correctly. I am not happy with the new mop, the design is alright.
I bought this mop Mar, 2015 and found it did a fairly good job of cleaning until the spray bottle did not function due to air locks.
I really liked my mop. I had it less then a month and the sprayer stopped spraying. so now i spray the my cleaning stuff on the floor and then wipe it up.
I like the reveal mop but I have bought 2 in the last year and both have broke.
I loved this product until it was about three months old and the trigger mechanism broke. I never had a problem with Rubbermaid products prior to this and did not save my receipt. Foolish me as I can no longer get a refund!
Bought one. Thought it was great. Within a few months sprayer did not work. Put it on floor and one good squirt/ spray then virtually nothing For the next 5 min. Then one spray again. Frustrating. Checked for blockage. Nothing
LOVED this mop, at first. I have had it for about 6 months and the bracket that connects the base to the handle, keeps snapping apart. It happens about 4 or 5 times, each time I use this mop. VERY DISAPPOINTED in the quality.
I love this mop but am on my third one now. Frustrated because the handle has broken off on both of them down where the bottle attaches and my second one the trigger kept sticking. Will try this third one and see what happens
I bought this mop and was so excited that I could use my own favorite brand of mopping solution in it. However, the trigger handle stopped working and now it won't spray. This was my favorite mop.....
I was in love with the Reveal mop until just recently. Now the head of the mop comes off the handle during regular use. The concept is great, the design is flawed. Would not recommend this to anyone.
After working for about a year, it broke in 5 pieces while I was mopping the kitchen floor. I'm 80 yrs old, so how hard could I have been mopping!
We loved this, but after a year or so, it leaked badly.
I purchased this mop in late November. By the end of February the trigger spring had given out. I still use the mop, but must use a separate spray bottle to apply the cleaning solution.
Used this mop for less than a year and the sprayer doesn't always want to work. My sister just bought this mop and I told her to return it before she starts using it. Very unhappy. Now I'm searching for another mop.
I bought this one month ago at shopping center...I just use it for few times only...but the spray have problem...it was like the water cannot spray out...is it can send back to the office to repair or what
I liked the concept of this spray mop. The washable pads and ability to use my own cleaning product were what lead me to purchase it. I used it almost daily for four months. Then the sprayer stopped working.
I love my mop, but, after spraying you have to wait as much as 10-20 seconds before you can spray again, I've tried different methods nothing works. Still use it but get upset about this factor every time.
This worked great for about a month, then the trigger started sticking and the fluid bottle started randomly leaking. Will be looking for a different brand since I feel this mop is poorly constructed.
I bought this a little while ago and had not used it for very long. Now the sprayer does not work and I do not know how to fix. While it worked, I liked it. Now it is hanging on the wall. I expected better from Rubbermaid.
I normally love rubbermaid products but in this case it is not worth the money. I purchased one and within 2 months the handle broke. I would have purchased a replacement handle but there is not a replacement purchase.
The lever on the spray handle stops working properly after the second or third usage. This is our third mop. We love them but you need to fix this function and make it more reliable or change the system somehow.
Love the mop but disappointed that the spray handle keeps breaking, it stops spraying after about a month. I went out and bought a second mop only to have the spray handle break again. Will not be buying another one
I love the ease of using the Reveal mop and have bought 3 of them. However, the only problem I consistently have is that the spray either gets clogged or the sneeze handle feels loose and doesn't work. Is there a way to avoid these problems
This is my second mop, the first one slipped from my hand and broke between the handle and the spray/mop part. The second simply broke in the same place just out of use. For that price and for the job it is intended for you expect sturdiness.
I was disappointed when I discovered that they don't sell replacement parts for this mop. The plastic bottle sucks in easily and then ended up cracking when I tried to put the bottle back to the correct shape.
Great concept, just improve so it more stronger. The handle breaks at the base where the head and handle meet, and it breaks where the handle meet the bottle base. I have purchase two of them and find they are breaking. Please make the handle stronger.
Althought I love this Rubbermaid reveal mop, my mop head keeps comming off the the handle...its quite frequent that this happens and Im' constantly bending over having to replace it. That is the only problem I see with this mop, otherwise I love it.
I purchased this product 11/2012. I mop once a wk. I appreciated the washable pads even purchased an additonal box. However, the plastic head snapped off when I tried returning the item to Walmart they said I would need to contact Rubbermaid. Assistance would be appreciated.
I purchased this mop about a year ago. It worked great. I was happy to not have sheets to throw away or dirty mop heads. A few months ago the handle kept pulling off the mop head when I was mopping. Very frustrating! Because the product keeps coming apart I can't recommend it.
I am glad to see that I'm not the only one having trouble with this cleaning product. I have had this for 2 months and it worked great the first time it was used. But now it just hangs in the laundry room collecting dust. The sprayer stopped working on it. Not happy at all.
I bought this when they first came out. And use it all the time really like it. the sprayer how ever doesn't always work. Then the other day the handle to the spray broke. And broke my finger nail with the force of the brake. I don't now if I would recommend this product.
I have bought this product now, at least 3 times. It has broke in one way or another. In general they have lasted longer then some of other previous reviews and i have continued to repurchase, maybe that is the plan. But hate the expensive refills of other products more.
I just bought one because my daughter recommended it. I haven't used it much yet. It would have been nice to have some suggested solutions in the packaging. Also. just a FYI. If your trigger sticks use a spray OIL. WD40 is not a lubricant. It only works temporarily.
I had high hopes for this little mop, but it's getting the best of me. After one use, the head won't stay attached to the handle, so mopping has become a total hassle. For the money, I don't feel I should have to duct tape this thing to make it work. Any suggestions
The mop head part, not the pad, the whole mop head part comes off in the middle of cleaning the floor. This mop is a piece of junk. I have used alot of microfiber mops, I own a cleaning business, and this one tops the list for PIECE OF JUNK! Don't waste your money!!
It worked great when I first bought it but about 2 months into using it, the little rubber stopper inside the container broke. So now it leaks fluid all over the place and soaks my floors. And the Reveal is too expensive for the cheap rubber stopper to break. I won't be buying another one.
I have had this mop about a year and have used it just occasionally for spot cleaning - nothing very substantial. It is broken and won't squirt now. For the price I would have expected much better.
Bought product over a year ago, really bad performance, sprayer doesn't spray for long before it stops working, I can't figure it out at all. Really happy that rubbermaid stands behind their products, this is the second replacement mop that I'm getting. Hopefully they can get it right.
This product was working fine for a few months but this morning I find that the trigger is not working. I liked that I didn't have to buy a new mop head every couple of months and I could use my own cleaner. But for the cost, I did not expect it to break so soon. Very frustrated!
I have 2 Reveal Spray Mops and have problems with the sprayer mechanism. The second mop just started acting up. The sprayer handle locks when you spray and you have to wait until it is ready to release before you can continue. I'm tired of it and it is going in the trash.
I bought this mop and really liked it. Then the sprayer broke. My husband fixed it to an extent but then it broke again. They need to make the sprayer stronger.
It worked really well for the first few uses, then the little Velcro sticky pads on the mop base stuck to the scrubbing pad instead of to the mop. Now there is no way to attach the pads to the mop. Very disappointed. There needs to be a more permanent way to attach the pads that won't fail.
bought this mop, great with first couple uses, than the sprayer quit working. Can't find receipt to return to store or send in for warranty. will keep looking. Bought for convince...I am almost 70 and will now be back on my hands and knees. very cheap spray nozzle for what looks like a nice product.
This is my second mop. I had the older version and the spray nozzle stopped working and I am noticing with this mop that the spray nozzle is weak when spraying solution and sometimes it does not work. Will not buy this model again. Create another one that is more efficient and stronger at spraying.
Although I love the idea of this mop (i.e. spray and mop all in one) the spray feature keeps breaking! I have already had to throw 2 of them away. I am still using the third because I have 3 of the washable mop heads (another great feature). I would love another one but hesitate to spend the money on a product I'm unsure about.
I have had a reveal mop for a while now and although I want to write a great review because I love that I can reuse the pad by washing it and I can use my own cleaner in the bottle, the sprayer is constantly getting clogged! I try to run hot water through it to get it unclogged, but it is ineffective at best. Disappointing.
I purchased this mop about three months ago and, at first I was very pleased with it. I would use the mop about three time a week, so it was not used excessively, then it began to make reeking noises. Then one day while in use the handle broke off. I must say disspite the fact the the mop did not last I love the idea.
This is not a well-made product. The seal on the bottle leaks, and frankly makes a big mess. I purchased it because I felt it would be a good product because of its brand. Boy was I wrong! I found myself getting down and scrubbing with a brush rather than using the mop. I'm so disappointed! Rinsing is the only thing I can use it for.
I loved this mop when I first bought it but after using it for two months the handle broke. It was a good idea being able to use your own solution and not having to buy pads but they need to make the handle stronger. I was really disappointed considering the price that I paid for it and now I have to go out and buy another mop.
I bought this mop less than a month ago. I was excited to try it it worked great the first few times. Then the squirt bottle started to leak. The little white stopper inside the lid for the bottle will not stay on. Now I have to buy a whole new refill bottle. But after reading the other reviews I'm just going to buy a different mop all together.
I used to use the swiffer cleaners but made a move to go green and found the Reveal. After my older model broke (handle broke off), I bought one of the new designs. 3 months in and it no longer sprays due to issues with the trigger. I love this concept and the idea of making my own cleaners but am frustrated with replacing my mop every 3 months.
Rubbermaid had a great idea when they came up with this product but it needs a little tweaking. I am on my 2nd one right now in less than a month and both times I am having the same problem . The trigger keeps getting stuck and won't spray the cleaning solution. Hope this can be resolved easily cause it's a great money saving product idea.
I have had my spray mop for 3 months and I use it weekly. I am very disappointed because it broke today where the plastic met the handle stem. I noticed that the water must have leaked a bit because there was a rusty residue on it. Not happy that I have to go spend more money on another mop when I just bought new cleaning pads for this one.
I purchased a new and improved Reveal spray mop after the handle on my original Reveal mop snapped in half during use. After 8 weeks the spray mechanism is no longer working. I no longer have my receipt and am unable to return it to the store of purchase. I'm very disappointed in the performance....and will likely be replacing it with a competitor's product.
As with many other people reviewing this product, I love the concept - use your own solution, washable mop head - but within months of purchasing it, the spray mechanism broke. We have one for our home and one for our small business, and the same thing happened to both.
I recommended this product to a few friends right after I bought it. It worked great on the floors with a homemade cleaner. After a few uses the handle bar broke. That was it. It was not cheap, I was highly upset. I do not know if the one I had was defective unless that was the case I would not recommend this product until the handle bar is improved.
This morning my 3rd and last Reveal mop broke at the base. I purchased 2 and this last one because I had the bottles and mop bottoms. But no more. This one only lasted 6-7 weeks. I have wood floors and tile and a dog - mopping is continuous as many women know. I need a dependable product and although this one has good intentions...it isn't reliable.
Unfortunately, this is an overpriced plastic piece of junk. While the reusable sprayer and pads are great, the mop itself is flimsy at best. Great idea terrible execution. After the first month, the head kept snapping away from the body... after that the sprayer mount kept disengaging. Now, the thing can't be picked up without falling into three parts. What a waste of money.
I actually loved this product and recommended it to a lot of people. I bought extra bottles so I could have different products for different floors(hardwood/vinyl). But as I was using it this morning to clean my floor, it broke! The pole broke at the level where you insert the bottle. I feel like I didn't get my money's worth, so sad...back to regular mopping I guess.
Why doesn't this come with instructions Why can't I make the spray come out Even if it does eventually, from these other reviews, I'm sad to see that the trigger will fail soon and/or the handle will break. Using a separate spray bottle meanwhile. I don't think it's great strategy to keep posing Sorry you're disappointed, call Rubbermaid customer service . . .
I didn't even get through one bottle of cleaning solution (vinegar and water) before I started having huge problems getting the mop to spray. It will spray once and then I have to wait for the about half a minute before it will spray again. When I first bought it, it sprayed several times in a row. It's a tremendous hassle to use this mop. What a waste of money.
I love your mop but it only last about 2 months without the mop head breaking off. I brought the first one back to the store and they gave me a new one the second one is still with me. They both broke at different places one on the top of the pole and the other on the bottom. I think you need to use metal in it or it will never stay together. I would love to buy one that stay together.
I bought this mop 2months ago. I use it daily. It worked great until this morning. The black rubber seal has failed. It lost its tension so that the solution leaks. Because of the lost seal the spray function has been affected for the worse. I'm heading to the hardware store to find a fix. If a more resilient rubber seal were used, this would be a fabulous mop.
Was very disappointed after only a few months my Reveal started leaking and not spraying properly. I would clean out the bottle after each use and have tried cleaning out the base compartment where the bottle connects, but alas it will not stop leaking or spray properly. I had used another product for years with no problem, but I really liked the idea and look of the Reveal. It is unfortunate.
I bought this mop because of the convenience of not having to break out a mop bucket all the time. After a couple months the neck broke near the mop head. I thought maybe I did something to break it so I went out and bought 3 more, one for me, my daughter, and my son, yes I was that excited about the mop. Now a couple months later and the neck broke in the same place. Truly disappointed.
I bought this mop over a year ago and I thought it would be a great mop due to the brand. I love rubbermaid products, but this one was not a favorite. The bottle became suctioned together after the first use and I never could figure out how to get it to it's original shape. The spray trigger gets stuck and it becomes difficult to spray. Glad to see it has been discontinued but not sure if it's worth the money to buy a new one.
Loved the concept - because I like to use vinegar water on my tile. But - on the third use - the handle would no longer compress - and nothing would spray out of the decanter. Contacting customer service, they are sending me a return mailing box, a pre-paid postage, and will refund my purchase price upon receipt of the mop. Can't ask for more than that...but really would have preferred that it just continued to work.
I have purchased 2 of these mops. I loved the ergonomic design and the cushion grip. After the handle snapped on the first, I replaced it. It was only a couple months old. When the handle snapped on the second, after a couple weeks, I returned it to the store. They replaced it. It lasted another couple months and broke again. These were all the old design, but if the new design hasn't improved the durability, I will not be buying another.
This is the second one is bought. SPRAYER DIED AFTER 3 USES. great mop if the cheaplyrics made sprayer worked.
Love the concept of this product, when it works well. Washable pads, ability to use your own cleaning solution, being able to do spot cleaning easily and quickly. However I am on my third one, and it will probably be the last one, which is unfortunate. The Trigger mechanism on my first two mops gave out within 6 months of use, I bought another reveal mop because I had purchased extra pads and was quite invested in the product. I will probably try a different brand when this one bites the dust
I bought this mop only about a month ago. I was so disappointed this morning when I went to use it and the head broke off the handle. For the amount of money I paid, I expected it to last longer. I would not recommend this to anyone if Rubbermaid does not either replace the one I bought or fix it so it does not keep happening. I will say, however, I loved that I could use my own detergent and that I could re-use and wash the pad. If it had lasted longer, it had the potential for 5 stars!
I have used this mop 3 times. I was so excited to use it on my laminate flooring. Used per directions. Purchased extra fill bottle and pad for it. Used today on kitchen floor for first time and the mop stopped spraying. Tried changing out to a new spray bottle with only warm water and mop still would not spray. What a waste of money. Where do I return this to now. Store will not take back without receipt. This was a huge waste of my money. Will not purchase and do not recommend. B. Self
I've had it for a little over a year. We live on a farm and have tile floors in the kitchen which is the entrance from the garage. I mainly used it for spills, not for major cleaning. The neck has broken and super glue did not help. It was a great mop until that moment. I loved being able to use whatever cleaner I wanted to as well as washing the pad rather than purchasing more (like with a Swiffer). Sad its broke and saw another review so kind of leary about purchasing a replacement.
I was really happy with it, great for my wood floors and the kitchen. The pad cleans really nicely but the trigger works sporadically.
Mop head does not carry enough of the washing solution after spraying and mopping the floor. It will only hold about one half a container of cleaning solution, the deposits dirty water back on the floor, takes forever to dry and it's dirty water that redeposits dirt on the drying floor. Even stopping and removing the mop and wringing it out is not a good solution. Very disappointed. Swiffer here I come ...again!!
I bought one of these mops and used it for maybe 2 weeks and the spray function no longer works. So since I enjoyed the mop so much I thought maybe it was a faulty and just bought another one. Well I have only had this one for two weeks used twice and find out yet agsin the spray part doesnt work. I was at my sisters the other day and she has the same mop with the same product. Very disappointed in this product.
When I first got this I was so excited for an easy way to mop my hardwood floors. It worked great until about 3 months. The trigger will spray one spray and then won't work unless you take out the container and put it back in and then I have to repeat every spray.
I bought this product and absolutely loved the concept! Unfortunately, the spray handle started sticking not long after I bought it. It does unstick after about 10 - 15 seconds but it seems like a long time when you want to get the job done. So I wait until it unsticks itself to spray again. It gets frustrating. I may have to revert to a hand spray This is the only (but kinda big) thing wrong with this product. I wouldn't recommend this to a friend after reading other people with the same problem I'm having.
When I first purchased this product I was very happy. I had eliminated the consant purchase of throw away pads, was helping the environment and saving money. I even reccommended it to others when I saw them at the store deliberating as to what product to purchase. However,over time it has become frustrating. The mop head seperates from the handle several times during the mopping process. This is aggravating because you get your momentum going and snap, seperation. Grrrr. I no longer reccommend and am looking into other mopping options.
I purchased the old style and fell in love with the product. Purchased 3 more for other family members. After wear and tear, I purchased another one and broke after 2 uses..returned and same thing happened. Went back and purchased another one and broke again (the spray unit would not continously spray). I think store got tired of me replacing them. Finally purchased the new and improved..far from being improved. I have same problem with this one. Its sprays and I have to wait 3 to 4 minutes for it to spray again..very disapointed.
We bought several for a residential program to use on commercial vinyl floors. The scrubber pads have come off and the bottle reservoir has malfunctioned to prevent the cleaning solution to actually come out of the bottle. Maybe better for light use only, not daily.
I bought this mop in November, 2014. I liked it because of the reusable pads, wide mop head, refillable bottle, and no batteries needed for the sprayer trigger. That's all good. However, after using it a few times the trigger failed. I exchanged the mop for a new one. Well, I'm sorry to say, this one has now failed as well. I really like the mop and all the features but the trigger needs to be made to last. Everything is excellent except for the trigger (The trigger doesn't spring back anymore). That's a major problem.
I bought 2 of your spray mops, (commercial) each lasted 2 years. Each of them broke, the spray bottle tip came loose and stuck inside so made it useless. One of them the lever on the handle for spraying also broke, duct tape keeps it together now. I had to buy a spray bottle to use. I still use the mop but if i had known it was such cheap craftsmanship I would have bought the one without the spray bottle and save a lot of money. So now I have 2 microfiber dust mobs.
I was hesitant to spend this much money on a mop, but after I used it the first time I was very pleased with my purchase. Now I am not so happy, after only 4 uses the seal in the bottle is broken and solution leaks all over the place. I don't want to have to buy replacement bottles after only 4 uses. Not sure if I will continue to use this product or not. Very disappointed with this product. Not worth the money, especially if you have to replace the bottle after every 4 uses.
I love the microfiber clean, but had to open the bottle and drib on the floor as trigger does not work. Tried to look to see what I was doing wrong, but appears I am not the only one. :-( I could get it a little less expensive for just the pad, but wanted the sprayer.
Usually love Rubbermaid products. I had Swiffer wet jet mops but I hated buying solution and throw away pads all of the time. Also, I press so hard when mopping that the handle would break. This handle is much sturdier and love that I can use my own solution and wash the pads. The only bad part is that the pump quit working after about a month. There is a warranty, but who saves a receipt for a mop for a month My suggestion is if you buy this product, keep your receipt.
When I had my second baby, my mom bought me the first version of this to ease clean up for me after the baby. I loved that one! The only reason I bought the new one is because my other one broke. I had had it a while so I didn't worry about it and just bought a new one. This new one hardly worked from the beginning. It doesn't let me spray which makes it next to impossible to mop my hardwood floors. I will definitely be looking for a refund or replacement.
As mentioned by others the spray lever is the major problem. After using for 2 months the spray trigger(lever) would hang up, not reset, pause for a couple of minutes and it would reset. Now its completely non-functional. I have resorted to using a hand spray bottle. If Rubbermaid would finally fix this design problem it would be a great product. Also, minor issue: suggest instruction to lubricate o-ring on bottle to avoid damaging o-ring when re-inserting the bottle after filling. NOTE: at this time I would NOT recommend your product until problem resolved.
This is my second Reveal mop in the past 14 months. I love them the first 6 months until they break. both of them snap at the handle part where it connects into the mop head. The part that the handle fits into has plastic parts, which just do not seem to hold up. I mop my floor from 2-3 times a day. I am now in need of another mop and I am very leary about purchasing this same brand. Other than that and up until the point that they break, I would reccommend this mop to anyone. The pads come clean in the washer, it is easy to use, and it does and excellent job.
Bought this mop last July. After about 6 months the sprayer only worked on the first spray. I have been using only Bona Hardwood Cleaner or vinegar water in it. I just tried the run the cap under water fill with hot water pump sprayer to no avail. Now it won't even spray once! Very poor design. If I have to carry a spray bottle, I may as well get on my knees use a rag get it really clean! So sorry I didn't remember to save the receipt! Bought the big kit with 2 extra mop heads an extra bottle also. When did the new improved version come out
I was so excited to purchase and use this product. It gives you the ability to use any cleaner you may want to use. Only problem being that for some reason the trigger in the handle seems to stop working which appears to be due to some air/vacuum issue with the bottle. I'm constantly having to stop and take the bottle off to relieve the air/vacuum that has been created. I purchased a second one for my mother and it seems she is also having the same issue. Too bad I waited specifically to purchase this mop thinking Rubbermaid would put out a superior product.
I liked this product at first. It worked well and I liked it better than my previous mop, but the refill plastic bottle collapsed inward from suction and so the sprayer would no longer work. I had to remove the bottle and physically squeeze it back into shape. It would work for a few more sprays and then would collapse in again. Also the handle snapped off from the base just below the bottle at the joint and is now completely broken. It didn't completely break till just past the year warranty so I couldn't get a refund. It should have lasted longer.
I bought this mop and absolutely loved it. Even purchased 2 for my daughters. I have had mine for about 8 mos and went to use it the other day and the sprayer doesn't work. I don't know if there is something that can be done to remedy this problem but I am reluctant to purchase another one as I don't want the same thing to happen in a few months. If anyone can tell me how to fix this problem, I am all ears.
This is a fantastic product, when it doesn't break. I just broke my second Reveal today while doing a regular clean job on my hardwood floors. The first unit lasted about 2-3 months then in the middle of cleaning my floors it snapped at the neck just above the bottle holder. Today, I was in the middle of the same type of activity and it snapped below the bottle holder, I've had this unit for maybe 3 months. This is so frustrating, the product is leaps and bounds better than any swiffer product but the durability should be embarrassing to Rubbermaid. I'm about ready to give up on the Reveal and give another company a try.
I loved it at first, but now after 6 months the bottle leaks when I'm using it and makes my floor soaking wet.
This is such a great concept, but the workmanship is terrible. I bought my second one because the first one rusted out and even though I had to strap the bottle in to keep it working, it was worth it, because when it works it is awesome. The second one worked about 3 times and then wouldn't squirt no more and leaked all over the place. What a dissappointment!!!! I had already thrown away my receipt from Home Depot, so I can't take it back. I work 50 hours a week, have 4 Labs, 2 cats, horses, cows and need some help keeping things clean, unfortunately this is not the one to buy.
I love this mop, it works so much better than a swiffer.........BUT...........I am on my 4th one. I have had two with annoying, but not serious, trigger issues. They both eventually had the handle snap off. And another one that only had the handle snap. I have never tried to warranty them, but every time has been outside of the store return time frame. The one just purchased seems to have some design changes. I am interested to see if they address some of these issues, but I was immediately concerned by the change from a metal hanging clasp to a rubber one. We shall see....
We are now on our third mop! I thought my husband was just being hard on the mop as the handle had fallen off the first time and I loved the mop. Off I went to get my second mop, to which the handle would squirt the solution out once then you would have to wait a couple minutes before you could spray again. Annoying but eventually worked itself out. Then again while my son was using it the handle broke off again. My husband being the silly man he is went and bought another one (the new one). Now the handle is only letting you spray once every couple minutes again. Grr
I love the concept of the Reveal Mop. The pad is thick and covers a large area quickly. BUT...the spray bottle clogged, and I can't get it cleared, so I can't use the spray function. ALSO, the most frustrating flaw is that when you apply any pressure while you're drawing the mop back toward you, the handle detaches from the mop pad. When this happens, the handle bangs into the floor (luckily it hasn't scratched, yet), and you have to reach over the wet area to retrieve the mop pad and reattach it. All this results in an already-annoying job taking much longer than it should.
i have gone through 3 of these mops in 2 years. i keep replacing because 1, i love the convenience, 2, like using my own safe cleaner, 3 i have invested in extra bottles many cloths so i can have bottles filled at the ready always have extra cloths. but i think I'm done replacing. the trigger just decides to stop working. it doesn't start to act up it just stops. with it being a rubbermaid product, not having any electrical components for the price i thought it would last longer then it does. i guess if you don't use often its a good product, but i use to everyday.
I have had this mop for about 6 months, and loved it initially. It's super easy to use and did a good job picking up dirt. I also liked the ability to use whatever cleaning product I wanted and being able to wash and reuse the mop pad. BUT, the trigger has broken so it will no longer spray properly if at all. I was going to buy another to replace it since I really did like how it worked and I just recently purchased another replacement mop pad, but after reading other reviews who have had the same issue I am now considering going with another brand as I do not want to have to keep replacing my mop every few months.
I was in love with this mop and raved about it to friends and family...until, as other reviewers have said, the head came off. I wasn't even being rough with it and one day while mopping the head actually snapped off and broken pieces came out. It cannot be repaired because the part attaching the head to the stick is plastic. This is a very poor design and I'm really disappointed. Now instead of telling friends and family they can't live without this mop, I tell them to avoid it. For what this mop cost (much much more than standard mops), it should have lasted me longer than the 8 months I owned it.
I was very excited when I first bought this mop as a alternative to the Swiffer where you have to buy their cleaning solution and disposable pads. For the first month or so I was very happy with how easy the Reveal Spray Mop was to use and how clean it got my floors. Then, the spray trigger stopped working. If you try to wait on the trigger to reset or whatever it does, then it will take you forever to mop one small floor. Like others, I may have to resort to using floor cleaner in a spray bottle, but I sure wish Rubbermaid would just fix the problem or stop making the product. This was such a convenient product when it worked I may have to try Swiffer after all.
I love that I can make my own mopping solution to mop my floors. However, this is my 3rd Reveal mop to break. The lever contraption thay controls the solution spray always dies after about 3-4 months. I have tried the home remedies on the Internet help pages for this problem, but they did not work. Fix this and you will make countless consumers happy!
I loved this floor mop and recommended to family, friends and co-workers. What I especially liked about it was that it did not require batteries and used reusable/washable pads. However, I've had it for less than a year and much to my disappointment, today the handle/pole mechanism just broke off from the piece containing the spray bottle and mop pads! There was NO prior injury or damage to the mop to have caused it to do this, and it happened while I was carrying it to my kitchen... It is no longer usable. I do not know if I will buy a new one, as much as I loved it, I don't want to waste my money and risk another one falling apart on me. Very disappointed with the quality of an otherwise GREAT product.
I bought this 2 months ago and I love it. The only problem is the solution leaks is leaking when not in use which is not good considering I have bamboo flooring! Not very happy about the spots I now have on my floor!
I own both the old and new design of the Reveal Spray Mop. I wanted a separate mop for my hard wood floor and brought another one which was the new and improved ones in the store. The newer model is poorly design! Every few squirts of the cleaning agent creates a compressed vacuum on the refill bottle. I had to unscrew the cap every so often to release the vacuum. Over a few months of use, my refill bottles has a warped and compressed shape! This made it hard for me to refill the cleaning solution to it's maximum capacity and hold onto the bottle.
I now have my second mop and I must say that I am disappointed. The first one I purchased not long after the mop came out. However in less than a year the trigger mechanism quit working. I no longer had the receipt so could not return it. I thought maybe that one was a fluke, so I purchased another one a few months ago. again, the trigger mechanism is broken. It squirts once then you have to wait until the trigger pops back to use it again. It is continually getting worse and will eventually break. I loved the idea that I could use my own cleaning solution and I like the washable pad. Again, I don't have the receipt, so I'm out a fair amount of money. Wont be purchasing another one.
It never ceases to amaze me . . . Rubbermaid has had a knack for introducing innovative and usually quality products. But this Reveal Spray mop is a disappointment. It looks to be well made, but I'll never use it long enough to confirm the overall durability. The spray bottle mechanism just refuses to work properly. Used only once, the spray bottle lost its ability to spray after after using 1/4 of the liquid. Don't tell me it's the rubber washer--as I said--it's brand new! I can't be bothered with something that should make life easier, but instead takes 45 minutes to correctly re-prime so it can be used. Now I'll be looking MUCH more carefully before I make a Rubbermaid purchase
I can't believe I bought this twice! First time, the sprayer stopped working within a few months. It would get stuck and then I would have to wait a minute for it to release before I sprayed again. Then the handle broke. I figured it was because I had it almost 8 months. The second time I bought the mop, the sprayer broke within a few times of using it. I do like the added scrubber brush on the newer version and it is a great idea for a mop but needs a lot of work. The bottle also becomes suctioned too tight to the mop after a few uses almost like the air is being squeezed out after each spray. Not a big deal but it's annoying. Definitely will NOT buy again!
As a long-time Swifter user, I was thrilled with Rubbermaid's concept of a renewal mop. The Reveal mop worked well for several weeks, but the spray bottle did not last long. The bottle collapses with extended use and the sprayer no longer works unless I remove the bottle and unscrew the cap to allow more air into the bottle. I believe this may be corrected if the bottle was designed with a ridged plastic instead of the flexible plastic. If Rubbermaid designed a new bottle and sold it as a replacement part - I would purchase the bottle and continue to use the Reveal mop. Otherwise, I will discard my Reveal mop and buy the Libman mop which does not seem to have this problem.
Sadly my first one broke after a few uses . Now my second one has broken in the same spot. Don't want to give up on them but now what
I bought this about 4 weeks ago and would love this mop. But the trigger stopped working within a week of having it! Very disappointing...
I purchased thia a couple of months ago and now it leaks. I am not happy about this. I did like it very much until this happened.
I love the concept of the mop, but the mop split right up the seam that holds the bottle in place.
I loved the product the first time I used it. On the second time I put it to work, the head came unattached from the stick/handle. I had slid the mop under the kitchen table and only the handle came back out. I had to crawl under the table to retrieve the mop head. It is easy to reattach, but since then it pops off quite frequently. The sprayer also worked well on the first use. The second time, it stopped spraying easily. I can only give one spray and then wait for it to recover before it lets me spray again. Wished I had kept the receipt and box so I could take it back! I'm disappointed because I do love the mop head size and fabric and the ability to refill with my cleaners. It just doesn't perform on a whole, in my opinion.
I have purchased two Reveal mops, each lasting about 3 months. The first mop's trigger/handle mechanism broke, but I really like the idea of using my own cleaning solutions--so, I bought another one. I've had the second mop an even shorter amount of time and the bottom plastic piece that holds the mop pad just came off. I thought it had just come apart, so I went to put it back together and I saw a plastic thingy had snapped off on the inside of the tube-- no way to fix that. At this price, these mops should last longer than that, not to mention the I'm out from buying extra bottles (to hold different cleaning solutions) and extra pads. I usually like Rubbermaid products, so I think it must just be a glitch with this mop
I purchased the Reveal Spray Mop about year ago. This would be a great mop but the spray trigger stopped working. Every time you squeeze the trigger the top handle raises up and the liquid will not come out. They are to expensive to keep buying them over and over.
I bought my Reveal in December and 3 months later, the trigger to squirt the water will work every now and then. I was excited but am now disappointed.
I am on my second mop purchase. I loved my first one enough that I bought a second one after the trigger sprayer broke. I have had this one about 8 months and the trigger is not working on this one now. I love having 2 mop cloths and 2 bottles (one for the ceramic solution and one for the hardwood) but am frustrated with the quality of the sprayer. I am not really happy about purchasing another one if I will have the same thing happen. This site says new and improved, but not sure what has changed with the mop.
The reveal mop worked good until the spray didn't work anymore. What do I want the mop for now, it is useless. I loved the reveal mop when it was working, maybe mine was defective.
After getting this so grand mother can mop the floors. She used it less than a month. Now it won't spray. Thank now were going back to the old mop! Total waist of money!
I Love the fact that I can use my own cleaning solution however, the product is poor quality. Out of the blue, it just stops spraying. I have bought three over last three years and I only use it about 6 times a year.
great idea- no batteries needed to spray out your own concoction of cleaning fluid. but i wish it would last. the collar that holds the mop head to the shaft broke, and i can't seem to find replacement parts
My husband bought this for me for my birthday back in May and I couldn't wait to use it for the first time. I had been using a different brand prior but was not happy so had high expectations for the Reveal. Unfortunately, this mop didn't meet any of those. Once I got everything together and solution filled, nothing happened when pulling the trigger. I thought maybe I had done something wrong but after doing some research I found that I in fact must have gotten a defective one. So the following day my husband exchanged it for a new one. Again, excited and hopeful this one would work, it's been nothing but trouble. The handle is always sticking and I have to pop the solution bottle out and back in just to get a few squirts out at a time. Then finally the other day while cleaning, I noticed a huge puddle where the mop was and it was all the solution I had in the bottle. Not sure how or why it leaked out the way it did, but it is no longer holding it. I am extremely disappointed and I feel that Rubbermaid should honor some type of limited warranty especially considering all negative reviews this product has already received. Either that, or take it off the shelves until they can improve the quality of it.
The spray handle has not worked correctly since I purchaed it!!I really like the product, but it just doesn't work!
I bought this mop in December loved it well in January had to exchange it Cruz the spayer stopped working got a new one and now I'm having same problem it is very dissapointing Cruz I love it besides this problem
Bought the new style after my old one's handle broke and its terrible. After using it 1 month the trigger handle sticks and won't release. Have to hit it on the floor to get it to release then spray again.
Very disappointed!!! Thought it would be great but spray only worked first time. Have tried to clear but nothing works. Only way I can use this mop is to open bottle and spill solution on floor. Waste of money
I really enjoyed this mop on my laminate floors. I wish it was built to be more durable. I was really disappointed after only 2months use, it broke!! The handle broke at the bottom making the mop garbage..
I am not happy with this product bought about 5 months ago. suddenly this morning it decides not to spray and the handle you pull does not spray acts like it is broken will not push to spray the water.
I wish I had read the reviews about the sprayer being so awful. I do not have much hand strength so this light mop (I thought)was an answer to my prayers. WRONG!!!Look somewhere else not worth the
having trouble with it spraying called help line she says I put to much cleaner in bottle it was clotting the spraying mechanism . how do I clean them is there a manual to take apart
I've had this mop for about a year and for months now the only way I can get it to spray is if I put straight hot water in it and then I have to use it right away before the handle stops working.
I love this Idea..and was super excited to use it I have 4 dogs and 2 kids so we mop ALOT. I had it for a month and it broke down where the refillable bottle goes in and I was really upset ...Wish they would make it alittle more durable ...Love the Idea though and I used it alot :(
I came across the warning that this mop had a poor trigger mechanism shortly after purchasing it, so for for the few months that I owned it I was very careful not to pull too hard or misuse it, but still it broke. Very disappointing.
I am so disappointed. My 2nd reveal just broke. In a year 2 have broke at the handle. Let alone that the sprayer takes forever to reset in order to spray again. The only thing that is good about this product is that you can use your own cleaning solution and the pads are washable.
I bought this mop with two extra pads. It has just stopped spraying. I bought my Mom and sister the same mop, because I loved mine. So, I have bought three mops and mine won't work. I love the ease and convenience but it stopped working. I think rubbermaid needs to replace my mop.
I bought this several months ago and love the spray bottle and washable mats. Now it is leaking from the bottle and makes a mess, and not useable.
I am a professional housecleaner had used a Rubbermaid mop at a client's house that I really liked. Pointy corners are excellent. I like the long slim base the microfiber heads (one with loops for dry mop one for wet mop). I was, howver unable to find one like hers so I bought this one. I did like the fact that I could refill any liquid into the bottle. The sprayer quit working not too long after I got it, but I didn't mind so much. However I discovered that the plastic projection of where the bottle would be is in the way. It prevents me from getting into areas that I would be able to reach if it were not there. The pads do not stay on could use more area to grab the surface of the pad. I sewed elastic onto mine so they would stay put. I'm still on the hunt for the one like my client has though!
I bought this less than a year ago and the spay handle sticks. You have to stop and wait until it releases before continuing. Happens after every spray. 20 minute job takes 40 minutes. Grrr
I bought this 2 mos.ago .I really liked this mop,until the spray handle stopped working and the bottle became almost impossible to remove,very disappointed.
Overall I feel in love with the Reveal Mop until three months later it broke. I initially had a steamer and stopped using it because I love the mop better. Now I am back to the steamer. Please work on making it more durable and of a better quality. Would love to have another better one.
I love this mop, however, the blue gasket is loosing it's shape causing a good seal from forming. I don't know where to purchase another seal. I have looked at replacement bottles in the stores however, the blue foam gasket does not come with it! I hate to but a whole new mop because of the faulty gasket. anyone have any ideas where ot get one
I bought the original version several years ago. I liked it so much, I bought extra bottles and pads. It worked great for a long time but the trigger eventually wore out. After Christmas, I found the newer version and bought one for me as well as a friend. Last week, my trigger handle stopped working! I was so disappointed...Rubbermaid products usually last for a very long time.
I bought this mop a few months ago. After a short time, the small red plastic thing on the bottle came out and broke. Not the centre one,but the smaller one to the side. Now, the water pours out and the bottle is extremely difficult to remove from the mop. I am disappointed that this broke so easily and also disappointed that I cannot buy a replacement bottle.
I bought my first one 6 months ago, it broke within a month, they sent a coupon for a new replacement, a month later that one broke! And again this is the 3 rd one that broke. It's a wonderful concept. I love everything about it, however it does not last. The metal handle is constantly being broken from the plastic water chamber compartment. If they made both made of metal this wouldn't happen. I don't scrub hard at all...however I do use it everyday...so if your like me who likes to clean the floor at least once a day it won't last for you. I have 2 small children and I need to keep the floors clean from spills and drool from my teething daughter. If you could improve the concept and make it more durable ill reconsider purchasing again. However, I'm moving on to something new.
Used this mop for about 8 months. Suddenly spray unit would not work. After reviewing mechanism found that depression pin used to open fluid chamber was broken. Poor, Poor quality. No replacement part is available.
I bought this product and loved it, however today it snapped off at the handle and I was able to see how poorly constructed it was. Where all of the turning and pressure rests is just a very thin plastic area. Very disappointed.
I loved the mop until after about 2 months after purchase the sprayer handle started sticking, but I was able to time my sprays to let the handle come back up. Then today while mopping, the whole mop head snapped off rendering the entire thing useless.
I've now owned two of these and both fell apart while in use. I love the fact that it spins on a dime and maneuvers great around and under furniture but the actual plastic it's made from does not stand up. It's advertised as being durable. I disagree.
I bought this the other day. Today was the first day I tried to use it. While the pad on the bottom is working great on our floors (laminate), the bottle isn't working. It squirts once or twice and is fine, but then the bottle starts leaking all over the floor. It is clicked in as far as it will go and everything. I was hoping to use this to replace my Swiffer, but it doesn't look like that will happen.
I loved this mop when I used it at a friends house. Love that I can make my own solution, have extra pads and bottles all filled and ready to go. I bought my first online that same day. Then after about a month the trigger stopped working and one of the bottles started leaking. I was still happy enough about the month it worked to try again. Now my second purchase has stopped working as well. The trigger handle only works part of the time. I'm so sad and disappointed. Please fix this feature. I see that the problem has come up again and again in reviews. If I could trust that it would continue to work I would buy another and recommend it to others. Do I have any recourse for return, replacement or refund
Bought this mop after using the industrial version at work. Love the one at work but figured for household cleaning, it wasn't needed for that. How wrong I am! This mop has broke off at the neck twice-tried to super glue and it keeps breaking off. You have to apply pressure to scrub the floor and it just is too much for the mop. I truly loved using the mop but I can't keep repairing it!
I have a karate school and use this mop because I can use water and vinegar to clean and can machine wash the microfiber pads. The problem is they are not robust enough. I have had two the first one broke in the middle where the plastic meets the metal. I bought a second one because I had purchased extra bottles and pads, but the second one broke as well. the sprayer stopped working. This product does exactly what I want it to until it brakes.
Bought this 2 months ago tried giving it a chance am very disappointed in it looks can be deceiving
This is the 3rd rubbermaid mop I have purchased and it is the worst! I dont know if it is just my mop or a design flaw, but the plastic mop head constantly falls off! I have a cleaning business and not only invested in the mop but also in 4 microfiber mop pads too! I had to duct tape it together for it to stay - looks real professional! Also the thrigger spray is awkward - should consider an automatic trigger spray.
I have this mop and loved it but it will not spray like it used to. I have tried everything I could think of it get it to spray again. I have an extra bottle and that didn't work either. I have bought 2 extra and gave them to my children they are also having the same problem.
When I first seen this mop(REVEAL)I thought okay another mop like the disposable ones. The difference being the pads are washable!! Woo hoo, and I can use what I want to use to clean my floors with. Which, if you have to buy the cleaning products for the disposable pads mops can be costly. And if you are like most people you budget every where you can. I purchased the REVEAL and I was impressed to say the least, I have 6 little dogs that have long hair, and as any pet owner knows the hair is every where. I used the mop, it gathered all the hair with out spreading the dirt even if the pad was dirty, it didn't leave any streaks as with a disposable pad does, but after awhile the handle separated from the base. That was the only draw back. I have read the reviews on your NEW IMPROVED REVEAL hmmm and it seems that even this new version has the same problem. What did your design division do Just add the scrub pad, and not change the faults that were associated with the original REVEAL. If that is the case then there will be no need to purchase the NEW IMPROVED REVEAL. Too, bad because it really is a good product.
I purchased this product around two months ago. Great mop and easy to use on my hardwood floors. UNTIL...one day when I went to use it the spray nozzle stopped spraying when pumping the handle. I continue to use the mop but when using i have to splash the solution by hand first. The bottle is having a problem staying the same size (it looks like the bottle sunks in when trying to pump so i have to remove it and take off the cap so it goes back to size.Its too bad because i love the size of the pad.
I am on my 4-5th mop within the last 2 years, I keep replacing because I love using my own family safe cleaner and I've also invested so much in the additional clothes. If its not the handle breaking its the sprayer sticking......Come on Rubbermaid you have better product history than this! I recommend this if you have to spend.
I have used this spray mop for about a year now, about once a week. I find the spray weak and the mechanism that pumps the spray works about 70 of the time. I have resorted to using a spray bottle to wet the floor. If made better and of better materials I would buy one again but as it is now I can't recommend the product.
Mine also had trouble with the spray after a four or so uses. Then I tried to take it apart to clean it, but the screws are hard to work. I ended spraying a bit of WD inside the handle so it would flow down. That did help a lot. Be nice if it easy to take apart to clean, or else use better seals/joints that won't foul.
I have owned two of these and with both the spray mechanism didn't work well and they both leaked andnibcojldnt leave the cleaning solution in overnight and they leaked while I was mopping which made the process cumbersome The only positive thing is that you can mix your own cleaning solutions
Bought a Reveal mop and have only used it for a few weeks. At first the trigger only caused a few missed sprays, so I kept the mop. Now it only sprays on the initial spray and nothing else afterwards. I have soaked the bottle cap, I only use water and vinegar. Now I'm reduced to using a separate spray bottle of solution in order to mop, which negates the convenience of having the spray on the mop and holding the mop with two hands. This seems to be a widespread issue with Reveal mops. I like the bottle and the pads, but why doesn't the spray work This is my first disappointment with Rubbermaid. I very much WANT this product to work, just like so many other reviewers. I don't know if it is the bottle or the mop, so I don't know which to try replacing or whether I should give up and try a different brand.
I purchased this mop back in 2010 or 2011 (its 2013 now). It worked perfectly for a month or two then the spray mechanism started acting up. It took forever for it to release, and sometimes it would not spray anything out. It never completely stopped working but it took longer to mop with it refusing to work correctly. It never got worse from there but in 2013 I went to use it and the boom broke apart where it connects to the spray bottle part. I considered purchasing another one but my friend has had a Libman spray mop about as long and she's never had issues with it so I am going to try that out instead. I am really surprised by the trouble as I have plenty of Rubbermaid products in my house and have never had issues with it. Upon reading comments here and other sites I have found others have had the same issue as I, so clearly something is not made well on this product. Its just the spray mechanism/handle. Everything else works exactly like it should and its very affective at cleaning. Plus love that it's washable and I can fill it with any cleaner I feel like!
I bought this in May. The sprayer stopped working 2 months ago. It's still useable as long as you put water on the floor first. The idea is great much better than other products if only it still worked
When we first got our Spray Mop, we were absolutely delighted but now in just a few months it leaks like a broken dam. To have such a potentially great product hindered by such a fundamental flaw ( reported to a very large extent) is extremely disappointing on many counts.
I love the way the mop works, the best mop I have ever used. I have been your best sales rep, telling all my friends and family how wonderful this mop is. HOWEVEVER, I have had to buy three mops because the entire head snapped off of the first two. I love the mop so much I keep buying another one, but perhaps you should look at the quality of the plastic you are using. I know nothing is made of very good quality anymore, but I think you can do better. If this third mop snaps off in the same way, I will not buy another one.
I first used this at my father-in-laws while visiting from out of state, worked wonderful. I used it daily sometimes 2 or 3 times a day, worked everytime. I said I would like one for my house, so he bought me one. I'm now back at home with my new mop. It will not spray, I've been pulling the trigger for over a half hour and nothing comes out. If I had this much trouble with his, I would not have this one. I rated it a 5 because it looks good. I rated the rest a 2 because I would of rated my father-in-laws a 5 and mine a 0.
I fell head over heels in love with this mop. It glides easily and can rotate and manuver to get under and around furniture legs. It has a washable pad and you can use your own cleaning solution. There are just many wonderful things about this mop. But then...two months later...the head broke off. Surely it was a fluke, it had to be something I did. So, I purchased another one. Not a fluke. This one lasted about four months. But then again, the head broke off. I will not purchase another one and I will miss it alot.
Like many others I have had poor results with the sprayer. It seems as if the mechanism looses efficiency during use. Perhaps the cable stretches. It seems like it could use a stronger cable to activate the sprayer. We had to get a spray bottle to apply the cleaner to the floor before mopping. I do like the re-useable, washable pads. (My husband would rather have disposable ones.)I got this for hardwood (composite) floors and tile floors. I was not able to find replacement pads online (out of stock).
I loved the idea of being able to wash and reuse the pads. I also loved that I could use whatever cleaner that I wanted since I have a child and pet in my home. The mop worked great for almost a year before it broke in half. The gray plastic cracked beneath the red collar. Now I am left with all of the accessories that I purchased for this item and the decision of purchasing another only to possibly have the same thing happen.
I bought this mop last year and after using it for only a handful of times the trigger got stuck. It takes forever to mop and while I love the pads and the mop itself, the trigger's problem makes it not worth it. I bought this on a recommendation from a family member and I now regret it. I am very disappointed with the mop. I will be purchasing something different and tossing this in the trash.
I have purchased and used 4 reveal spray mop systems. They are absolutely wonderful for maintaing the combination of tile and hardwood floors I have in my home. After about 6 months each unit began exhibiting problems with the solution spray. All 4 eventually broke athe the junction of the mop head and the wand. I continued to believe that with so many having similar problems that Rubbermaid must be working on upgrades to fix these common failures. Evidently I am wrong, I guess I need to invest in another brand of mop to see if there is one that is made to last.
I stay away from all the disposable wipes types of products for a myriad of reasons but the main one is ecological. I can't see a rationale for a redundant item that creates perpetual waste but the way I was cleaning my floors was loathsome. So when the Reveal Spray Mop came out I was thrilled. I used it with great success for about 2 months. The trigger mechanism wore out quickly making spraying difficult. The solution bottle never wanted to fully seat and fell out at odd angles. The first time it fell it cracked so I had to store it separately from the handle. I was disappointed with the mop head because it didn't take much for it to become full. I was cleaning off the pad every few minutes. The pad came out fine from the washer/dryer and the velcro held it in place. I was so ready to love this product and it's a really good idea but in practice all it really does is move the dirt around.
It started since last time when I used this mop, i heard something cracking. finally when I tried to use it just a few days ago. all of sudden, the mop handle just broke into two pieces right around the spray bottle's neck. i only use it about once every few weeks, it has been over a year since I purchased it. so I can't ask for a replacement or anything. The pad is still very usable. good thing is that I didn't buy any extra mop pad, that would be totally useless now. From the reviews that I read, the mop handles do break. I think that they could have made a cheaper version without the spray bottle, that might help to keep the mop handle lasts longer.
I had recently bought that Swiffer Sweeper and really liked it when I saw the Reveal on tv. So I returned my Swiffer Sweeper and ordered a Reveal. I just got in in the mail and opened it immediately. I vaccummed my floor to get up what I could than put the Reveal in action! Only to be disappointed!!! The Swiffer Sweeper picked up cat hair and everything. This Reveal just pushed cat hair around and left it all over my floors. I thought it was maybe the mop head was full, so I put a new mop head on.... only to have the same problem!! Long story short, I am going out to re-purshase the Swiffer and I am trying to find out where I can return my Reveal to!!
I bought this mop for quick clean up after my dog and it worked very well for the however within a few months the O ring on the liquid dispenser broke and it is now vjust a mop without a sprayer and I have to use a hand sprayer separately.
I bought this mop. Didn't like it from the first time I used it. It doesn't pick up sand dirt or pet hair. Unlike other reviews my handle has never broke. The cleaning bottle has colasped but still works. The trigger to make it spray the cleaning fluid is almost broke and barely functions. I wouldn't buy this mop again.
I love the whole concept of extra pads and bottles and loved using it until the trigger stopped working. Also, used a Bona that was left in our new house and it had a much stronger spray. My Reveal just spits and you have to pump and pump the trigger to get that amount. What happened to it I rinsed the spray hole and it didn't help. HELP!! (My reviews are based on current use, I would have given 5 stars on everything at the beginning)
I bought this mob about a month ago and instantly fell in love with it, being a mother of a let it clean up so much easier and the washable pad is very economic. I went to use my mop today and my second spray in the squeeze handle broke rendering the mop useless. I don't have receipt anymore so I can't return it... I'm so disappointed.
This is my second Reveal mop, I love it when it is working. I love uses my own cleaners and how easy it handles, because it isn't heavy my 8 year old loves to help clean the floors. But the trigger issue- I have googled and tried all the tips and the trigger will spray once or twice and then not again. I will not be purchasing another one
I have purchased 2 of these. The first one's spray handle broke after a few months. The second one is unusable due to leaking. I want one that will keep working over 2 months! It is so handy and easy to use for quick clean ups. I am considering purchasing another brand though due to replacement costs.
The trigger stopped working and I see a few others have the same problem. Does anyone know of a replacement part
I've had this for more than a year, bought the newer model for my son, so sorry I did! Mine stopped spraying within the first few months! I've tired everything, soaking the tops of the bottles, etc. I finally bought some cheap spray bottles and use them to spray the cleaner (by hand) on the floor! They idea of this mop is great but the reality is not!! I have used Rubbermaid products for more years than I care to mention but this one is not up to the quality I expect!
It is very easy to use but after the first use ever it is useless. No matter how often I clean the pad, it never gets my floors clean. If I go over my whole kitchen and dining room floor thoroughly then get down with a wet papertowel I still pick up a lot of left behind dirt. And I always sweep then mop
I really liked this mop until, like the other reviews cited, the handle broke and i am not hard on mops. still sprays but you have to wait 45 seconds between each spray... which is really annoying when you are trying to clean (and get it done!) I am debating whether to ask them to replace it.
I was SO EXCITED to find this mop! Finally, no more buying pads and special cleaners! I had the convenience of filling MY OWN cleaner as needed. And not to mention the washable cleaning pad. Thought this was definitely a money saver in the end run! Considering it was a lil pricy, but an investment I figured. Especially since I have wall to wall hardwood floors!!! WELL.. boy was I WRONG!(SO SAD)!The mop leaks when I'm finished, leaving a nice cleanup bleach stain on my hardwood floor! (Had I known. I def. would not have left it propped up while I finished cleaning!)With it leaking prior to me finally figuring it out, that it was leaking, I've gone through countless bottles of cleaner! no money saver there! Now, the lil sprayer will not spray! After shaking it trying to get it to come out, it now just SPITS out shaken up bubbled cleaner! So now I have to spray cleaner on floor, then dry mop with it! Its practically worthless! I am soooo disappointed! Especially it is ONLY 2 MONTHS OLD!!!!! I will be contacting Rubbermaid next!
I loved this mop, had it about 3 mos, but then it broke -- the handle broke cleanly away from the base without undue stress. It turns out there is a plastic piece connecting the metal handle with the base.. now that it's sheared thru I have no way of repairing it. This part of its construction clearly needs a redesign!
I really liked this mop until, like the other reviews cited, the handle broke and i am not hard on mops. I would like a mop like it but they need to improve it...it does NOT last and for 25-30 bucks it should last AT LEAST one year..mine didn't..lasted 6 months and the handle broke-i won't be buying another. I am surprised because Rubbermaid is known for quality but this product is a fail.
I have bought this mop not a long time ago and the bottle doesn't spray anymore and doesn't stay in place. I'm really disappointed.
I have purchased and used 4 reveal spray mop systems. They are absolutely wonderful for maintaing the combination of tile and hardwood floors I have in my home. After about 6 months each unit began exhibiting problems with the solution spray. All 4 eventually broke athe the junction of the mop head and the wand. I continued to believe that with so many having similar problems that Rubbermaid must be working on upgrades to fix these common failures. Evidently I am wrong, I guess I need to invest in another brand of mop to see if there is one that is made to last.
I was disappointed when I discovered that they don't sell replacement parts for this mop. The plastic bottle sucks in easily and then ended up cracking when I tried to put the bottle back to the correct shape.
It's a great concept, but does not hold up. The first one I had, had trigger issues, the following 3 I had, have broken down where the bottle goes in. It rusts very easily and does not hold up! Not worth the money for the little use you get out of it. Unfortunately, where I bought it would only allow me to exchange and not get a refund!
I used to use the swiffer cleaners but made a move to go green and found the Reveal. After my older model broke (handle broke off), I bought one of the new designs. 3 months in and it no longer sprays due to issues with the trigger. I love this concept and the idea of making my own cleaners but am frustrated with replacing my mop every 3 months.
I actually loved this product and recommended it to a lot of people. I bought extra bottles so I could have different products for different floors(hardwood/vinyl). But as I was using it this morning to clean my floor, it broke! The pole broke at the level where you insert the bottle. I feel like I didn't get my money's worth, so sad...back to regular mopping I guess.
It never ceases to amaze me . . . Rubbermaid has had a knack for introducing innovative and usually quality products. But this Reveal Spray mop is a disappointment. It looks to be well made, but I'll never use it long enough to confirm the overall durability. The spray bottle mechanism just refuses to work properly. Used only once, the spray bottle lost its ability to spray after after using 1/4 of the liquid. Don't tell me it's the rubber washer--as I said--it's brand new! I can't be bothered with something that should make life easier, but instead takes 45 minutes to correctly re-prime so it can be used. Now I'll be looking MUCH more carefully before I make a Rubbermaid purchase
When I had my second baby, my mom bought me the first version of this to ease clean up for me after the baby. I loved that one! The only reason I bought the new one is because my other one broke. I had had it a while so I didn't worry about it and just bought a new one. This new one hardly worked from the beginning. It doesn't let me spray which makes it next to impossible to mop my hardwood floors. I will definitely be looking for a refund or replacement.
I love the way the mop works, the best mop I have ever used. I have been your best sales rep, telling all my friends and family how wonderful this mop is. HOWEVEVER, I have had to buy three mops because the entire head snapped off of the first two. I love the mop so much I keep buying another one, but perhaps you should look at the quality of the plastic you are using. I know nothing is made of very good quality anymore, but I think you can do better. If this third mop snaps off in the same way, I will not buy another one.
The new mop worked great on the first use however,from the second use on the spray did not work correctly. I am not happy with the new mop, the design is alright.
Great concept, just improve so it more stronger. The handle breaks at the base where the head and handle meet, and it breaks where the handle meet the bottle base. I have purchase two of them and find they are breaking. Please make the handle stronger.
This morning my 3rd and last Reveal mop broke at the base. I purchased 2 and this last one because I had the bottles and mop bottoms. But no more. This one only lasted 6-7 weeks. I have wood floors and tile and a dog - mopping is continuous as many women know. I need a dependable product and although this one has good intentions...it isn't reliable.
I stay away from all the disposable wipes types of products for a myriad of reasons but the main one is ecological. I can't see a rationale for a redundant item that creates perpetual waste but the way I was cleaning my floors was loathsome. So when the Reveal Spray Mop came out I was thrilled. I used it with great success for about 2 months. The trigger mechanism wore out quickly making spraying difficult. The solution bottle never wanted to fully seat and fell out at odd angles. The first time it fell it cracked so I had to store it separately from the handle. I was disappointed with the mop head because it didn't take much for it to become full. I was cleaning off the pad every few minutes. The pad came out fine from the washer/dryer and the velcro held it in place. I was so ready to love this product and it's a really good idea but in practice all it really does is move the dirt around.
Rubbermaid had a great idea when they came up with this product but it needs a little tweaking. I am on my 2nd one right now in less than a month and both times I am having the same problem . The trigger keeps getting stuck and won't spray the cleaning solution. Hope this can be resolved easily cause it's a great money saving product idea.
I bought this less than a year ago and the spay handle sticks. You have to stop and wait until it releases before continuing. Happens after every spray. 20 minute job takes 40 minutes. Grrr
I bought this several months ago and love the spray bottle and washable mats. Now it is leaking from the bottle and makes a mess, and not useable.
I've had this mop for about a year and for months now the only way I can get it to spray is if I put straight hot water in it and then I have to use it right away before the handle stops working.
I bought the original version several years ago. I liked it so much, I bought extra bottles and pads. It worked great for a long time but the trigger eventually wore out. After Christmas, I found the newer version and bought one for me as well as a friend. Last week, my trigger handle stopped working! I was so disappointed...Rubbermaid products usually last for a very long time.
I purchased this product around two months ago. Great mop and easy to use on my hardwood floors. UNTIL...one day when I went to use it the spray nozzle stopped spraying when pumping the handle. I continue to use the mop but when using i have to splash the solution by hand first. The bottle is having a problem staying the same size (it looks like the bottle sunks in when trying to pump so i have to remove it and take off the cap so it goes back to size.Its too bad because i love the size of the pad.
I purchased the Reveal Spray Mop about year ago. This would be a great mop but the spray trigger stopped working. Every time you squeeze the trigger the top handle raises up and the liquid will not come out. They are to expensive to keep buying them over and over.
I bought this 2 months ago and I love it. The only problem is the solution leaks is leaking when not in use which is not good considering I have bamboo flooring! Not very happy about the spots I now have on my floor!
I loved this mop when I used it at a friends house. Love that I can make my own solution, have extra pads and bottles all filled and ready to go. I bought my first online that same day. Then after about a month the trigger stopped working and one of the bottles started leaking. I was still happy enough about the month it worked to try again. Now my second purchase has stopped working as well. The trigger handle only works part of the time. I'm so sad and disappointed. Please fix this feature. I see that the problem has come up again and again in reviews. If I could trust that it would continue to work I would buy another and recommend it to others. Do I have any recourse for return, replacement or refund
I love that I can make my own mopping solution to mop my floors. However, this is my 3rd Reveal mop to break. The lever contraption thay controls the solution spray always dies after about 3-4 months. I have tried the home remedies on the Internet help pages for this problem, but they did not work. Fix this and you will make countless consumers happy!
I bought this mob about a month ago and instantly fell in love with it, being a mother of a let it clean up so much easier and the washable pad is very economic. I went to use my mop today and my second spray in the squeeze handle broke rendering the mop useless. I don't have receipt anymore so I can't return it... I'm so disappointed.
I bought this mop for quick clean up after my dog and it worked very well for the however within a few months the O ring on the liquid dispenser broke and it is now vjust a mop without a sprayer and I have to use a hand sprayer separately.
I loved it at first, but now after 6 months the bottle leaks when I'm using it and makes my floor soaking wet.
I bought this mop and absolutely loved it. Even purchased 2 for my daughters. I have had mine for about 8 mos and went to use it the other day and the sprayer doesn't work. I don't know if there is something that can be done to remedy this problem but I am reluctant to purchase another one as I don't want the same thing to happen in a few months. If anyone can tell me how to fix this problem, I am all ears.
This is the second one is bought. SPRAYER DIED AFTER 3 USES. great mop if the cheaplyrics made sprayer worked.
I own both the old and new design of the Reveal Spray Mop. I wanted a separate mop for my hard wood floor and brought another one which was the new and improved ones in the store. The newer model is poorly design! Every few squirts of the cleaning agent creates a compressed vacuum on the refill bottle. I had to unscrew the cap every so often to release the vacuum. Over a few months of use, my refill bottles has a warped and compressed shape! This made it hard for me to refill the cleaning solution to it's maximum capacity and hold onto the bottle.
I love the whole concept of extra pads and bottles and loved using it until the trigger stopped working. Also, used a Bona that was left in our new house and it had a much stronger spray. My Reveal just spits and you have to pump and pump the trigger to get that amount. What happened to it I rinsed the spray hole and it didn't help. HELP!! (My reviews are based on current use, I would have given 5 stars on everything at the beginning)
We bought several for a residential program to use on commercial vinyl floors. The scrubber pads have come off and the bottle reservoir has malfunctioned to prevent the cleaning solution to actually come out of the bottle. Maybe better for light use only, not daily.
When I first got this I was so excited for an easy way to mop my hardwood floors. It worked great until about 3 months. The trigger will spray one spray and then won't work unless you take out the container and put it back in and then I have to repeat every spray.
I loved the idea of being able to wash and reuse the pads. I also loved that I could use whatever cleaner that I wanted since I have a child and pet in my home. The mop worked great for almost a year before it broke in half. The gray plastic cracked beneath the red collar. Now I am left with all of the accessories that I purchased for this item and the decision of purchasing another only to possibly have the same thing happen.
Bought this 2 months ago tried giving it a chance am very disappointed in it looks can be deceiving
I bought this mop last year and after using it for only a handful of times the trigger got stuck. It takes forever to mop and while I love the pads and the mop itself, the trigger's problem makes it not worth it. I bought this on a recommendation from a family member and I now regret it. I am very disappointed with the mop. I will be purchasing something different and tossing this in the trash.
I was really happy with it, great for my wood floors and the kitchen. The pad cleans really nicely but the trigger works sporadically.
I love the microfiber clean, but had to open the bottle and drib on the floor as trigger does not work. Tried to look to see what I was doing wrong, but appears I am not the only one. :-( I could get it a little less expensive for just the pad, but wanted the sprayer.
I bought this mop and really liked it. Then the sprayer broke. My husband fixed it to an extent but then it broke again. They need to make the sprayer stronger.
We loved this, but after a year or so, it leaked badly.
As with many other people reviewing this product, I love the concept - use your own solution, washable mop head - but within months of purchasing it, the spray mechanism broke. We have one for our home and one for our small business, and the same thing happened to both.
I have had this mop about a year and have used it just occasionally for spot cleaning - nothing very substantial. It is broken and won't squirt now. For the price I would have expected much better.
After working for about a year, it broke in 5 pieces while I was mopping the kitchen floor. I'm 80 yrs old, so how hard could I have been mopping!
My wife bought this about 3-4 months ago and loves it, but the sprayer stopped working, fix that and you will have a great product.
I bought this mop 2months ago. I use it daily. It worked great until this morning. The black rubber seal has failed. It lost its tension so that the solution leaks. Because of the lost seal the spray function has been affected for the worse. I'm heading to the hardware store to find a fix. If a more resilient rubber seal were used, this would be a fabulous mop.
I have owned two of these and with both the spray mechanism didn't work well and they both leaked andnibcojldnt leave the cleaning solution in overnight and they leaked while I was mopping which made the process cumbersome The only positive thing is that you can mix your own cleaning solutions
I bought 2 of your spray mops, (commercial) each lasted 2 years. Each of them broke, the spray bottle tip came loose and stuck inside so made it useless. One of them the lever on the handle for spraying also broke, duct tape keeps it together now. I had to buy a spray bottle to use. I still use the mop but if i had known it was such cheap craftsmanship I would have bought the one without the spray bottle and save a lot of money. So now I have 2 microfiber dust mobs.
This is a second spray mop for me I would advise you to stay away
Used this mop for about 8 months. Suddenly spray unit would not work. After reviewing mechanism found that depression pin used to open fluid chamber was broken. Poor, Poor quality. No replacement part is available.
I bought this mop Mar, 2015 and found it did a fairly good job of cleaning until the spray bottle did not function due to air locks.
having trouble with it spraying called help line she says I put to much cleaner in bottle it was clotting the spraying mechanism . how do I clean them is there a manual to take apart
As mentioned by others the spray lever is the major problem. After using for 2 months the spray trigger(lever) would hang up, not reset, pause for a couple of minutes and it would reset. Now its completely non-functional. I have resorted to using a hand spray bottle. If Rubbermaid would finally fix this design problem it would be a great product. Also, minor issue: suggest instruction to lubricate o-ring on bottle to avoid damaging o-ring when re-inserting the bottle after filling. NOTE: at this time I would NOT recommend your product until problem resolved.
Love the mop head but the spray stopped working on two brand new mops, almost immediately.
great idea- no batteries needed to spray out your own concoction of cleaning fluid. but i wish it would last. the collar that holds the mop head to the shaft broke, and i can't seem to find replacement parts
Mine also had trouble with the spray after a four or so uses. Then I tried to take it apart to clean it, but the screws are hard to work. I ended spraying a bit of WD inside the handle so it would flow down. That did help a lot. Be nice if it easy to take apart to clean, or else use better seals/joints that won't foul.
This is my third one. They are good for a few months and then they stop spraying. Lousy design. DON'T BUY unless you are planning to buy a new one every 2-3 months!
I bought this mop less than a month ago. I was excited to try it it worked great the first few times. Then the squirt bottle started to leak. The little white stopper inside the lid for the bottle will not stay on. Now I have to buy a whole new refill bottle. But after reading the other reviews I'm just going to buy a different mop all together.
The lever on the spray handle stops working properly after the second or third usage. This is our third mop. We love them but you need to fix this function and make it more reliable or change the system somehow.
I now have my second mop and I must say that I am disappointed. The first one I purchased not long after the mop came out. However in less than a year the trigger mechanism quit working. I no longer had the receipt so could not return it. I thought maybe that one was a fluke, so I purchased another one a few months ago. again, the trigger mechanism is broken. It squirts once then you have to wait until the trigger pops back to use it again. It is continually getting worse and will eventually break. I loved the idea that I could use my own cleaning solution and I like the washable pad. Again, I don't have the receipt, so I'm out a fair amount of money. Wont be purchasing another one.
I have had this mop for about 6 months, and loved it initially. It's super easy to use and did a good job picking up dirt. I also liked the ability to use whatever cleaning product I wanted and being able to wash and reuse the mop pad. BUT, the trigger has broken so it will no longer spray properly if at all. I was going to buy another to replace it since I really did like how it worked and I just recently purchased another replacement mop pad, but after reading other reviews who have had the same issue I am now considering going with another brand as I do not want to have to keep replacing my mop every few months.
I love this mop, it works so much better than a swiffer.........BUT...........I am on my 4th one. I have had two with annoying, but not serious, trigger issues. They both eventually had the handle snap off. And another one that only had the handle snap. I have never tried to warranty them, but every time has been outside of the store return time frame. The one just purchased seems to have some design changes. I am interested to see if they address some of these issues, but I was immediately concerned by the change from a metal hanging clasp to a rubber one. We shall see....
I am a professional housecleaner had used a Rubbermaid mop at a client's house that I really liked. Pointy corners are excellent. I like the long slim base the microfiber heads (one with loops for dry mop one for wet mop). I was, howver unable to find one like hers so I bought this one. I did like the fact that I could refill any liquid into the bottle. The sprayer quit working not too long after I got it, but I didn't mind so much. However I discovered that the plastic projection of where the bottle would be is in the way. It prevents me from getting into areas that I would be able to reach if it were not there. The pads do not stay on could use more area to grab the surface of the pad. I sewed elastic onto mine so they would stay put. I'm still on the hunt for the one like my client has though!
This product was working fine for a few months but this morning I find that the trigger is not working. I liked that I didn't have to buy a new mop head every couple of months and I could use my own cleaner. But for the cost, I did not expect it to break so soon. Very frustrated!
Sadly my first one broke after a few uses . Now my second one has broken in the same spot. Don't want to give up on them but now what
This worked great for about a month, then the trigger started sticking and the fluid bottle started randomly leaking. Will be looking for a different brand since I feel this mop is poorly constructed.
I bought this one month ago at shopping center...I just use it for few times only...but the spray have problem...it was like the water cannot spray out...is it can send back to the office to repair or what
Love the idea and how it use to work. Sprayer quit and now I know it isn't just mine. But I won't be buying a new one since I have read the reviews.
Not too long ago I purchased the Reveal spray mop and the bottle has collapsed itself. How do I get a new one and for how much and where
I have a karate school and use this mop because I can use water and vinegar to clean and can machine wash the microfiber pads. The problem is they are not robust enough. I have had two the first one broke in the middle where the plastic meets the metal. I bought a second one because I had purchased extra bottles and pads, but the second one broke as well. the sprayer stopped working. This product does exactly what I want it to until it brakes.
I purchased a new and improved Reveal spray mop after the handle on my original Reveal mop snapped in half during use. After 8 weeks the spray mechanism is no longer working. I no longer have my receipt and am unable to return it to the store of purchase. I'm very disappointed in the performance....and will likely be replacing it with a competitor's product.
I have had a reveal mop for a while now and although I want to write a great review because I love that I can reuse the pad by washing it and I can use my own cleaner in the bottle, the sprayer is constantly getting clogged! I try to run hot water through it to get it unclogged, but it is ineffective at best. Disappointing.
Although I love the idea of this mop (i.e. spray and mop all in one) the spray feature keeps breaking! I have already had to throw 2 of them away. I am still using the third because I have 3 of the washable mop heads (another great feature). I would love another one but hesitate to spend the money on a product I'm unsure about.
bought this mop, great with first couple uses, than the sprayer quit working. Can't find receipt to return to store or send in for warranty. will keep looking. Bought for convince...I am almost 70 and will now be back on my hands and knees. very cheap spray nozzle for what looks like a nice product.
I have now purchased about 8 mops. I love them while they last, but the handles keep breaking off near the head.
The reveal mop worked good until the spray didn't work anymore. What do I want the mop for now, it is useless. I loved the reveal mop when it was working, maybe mine was defective.
I bought this mop because of the convenience of not having to break out a mop bucket all the time. After a couple months the neck broke near the mop head. I thought maybe I did something to break it so I went out and bought 3 more, one for me, my daughter, and my son, yes I was that excited about the mop. Now a couple months later and the neck broke in the same place. Truly disappointed.
I liked the concept of this spray mop. The washable pads and ability to use my own cleaning product were what lead me to purchase it. I used it almost daily for four months. Then the sprayer stopped working.
I purchased this mop in late November. By the end of February the trigger spring had given out. I still use the mop, but must use a separate spray bottle to apply the cleaning solution.
It worked really well for the first few uses, then the little Velcro sticky pads on the mop base stuck to the scrubbing pad instead of to the mop. Now there is no way to attach the pads to the mop. Very disappointed. There needs to be a more permanent way to attach the pads that won't fail.
I bought one of these mops and used it for maybe 2 weeks and the spray function no longer works. So since I enjoyed the mop so much I thought maybe it was a faulty and just bought another one. Well I have only had this one for two weeks used twice and find out yet agsin the spray part doesnt work. I was at my sisters the other day and she has the same mop with the same product. Very disappointed in this product.
I just bought one because my daughter recommended it. I haven't used it much yet. It would have been nice to have some suggested solutions in the packaging. Also. just a FYI. If your trigger sticks use a spray OIL. WD40 is not a lubricant. It only works temporarily.
I've had it for a little over a year. We live on a farm and have tile floors in the kitchen which is the entrance from the garage. I mainly used it for spills, not for major cleaning. The neck has broken and super glue did not help. It was a great mop until that moment. I loved being able to use whatever cleaner I wanted to as well as washing the pad rather than purchasing more (like with a Swiffer). Sad its broke and saw another review so kind of leary about purchasing a replacement.
Bought this mop after using the industrial version at work. Love the one at work but figured for household cleaning, it wasn't needed for that. How wrong I am! This mop has broke off at the neck twice-tried to super glue and it keeps breaking off. You have to apply pressure to scrub the floor and it just is too much for the mop. I truly loved using the mop but I can't keep repairing it!
This is my second mop. I had the older version and the spray nozzle stopped working and I am noticing with this mop that the spray nozzle is weak when spraying solution and sometimes it does not work. Will not buy this model again. Create another one that is more efficient and stronger at spraying.
I bought this the other day. Today was the first day I tried to use it. While the pad on the bottom is working great on our floors (laminate), the bottle isn't working. It squirts once or twice and is fine, but then the bottle starts leaking all over the floor. It is clicked in as far as it will go and everything. I was hoping to use this to replace my Swiffer, but it doesn't look like that will happen.
I bought this mop in December loved it well in January had to exchange it Cruz the spayer stopped working got a new one and now I'm having same problem it is very dissapointing Cruz I love it besides this problem
Like many others I have had poor results with the sprayer. It seems as if the mechanism looses efficiency during use. Perhaps the cable stretches. It seems like it could use a stronger cable to activate the sprayer. We had to get a spray bottle to apply the cleaner to the floor before mopping. I do like the re-useable, washable pads. (My husband would rather have disposable ones.)I got this for hardwood (composite) floors and tile floors. I was not able to find replacement pads online (out of stock).
I bought my Reveal in December and 3 months later, the trigger to squirt the water will work every now and then. I was excited but am now disappointed.
I am so disappointed. My 2nd reveal just broke. In a year 2 have broke at the handle. Let alone that the sprayer takes forever to reset in order to spray again. The only thing that is good about this product is that you can use your own cleaning solution and the pads are washable.
This is my second mop, the first one slipped from my hand and broke between the handle and the spray/mop part. The second simply broke in the same place just out of use. For that price and for the job it is intended for you expect sturdiness.
I have bought this product now, at least 3 times. It has broke in one way or another. In general they have lasted longer then some of other previous reviews and i have continued to repurchase, maybe that is the plan. But hate the expensive refills of other products more.
Love the concept of this product, when it works well. Washable pads, ability to use your own cleaning solution, being able to do spot cleaning easily and quickly. However I am on my third one, and it will probably be the last one, which is unfortunate. The Trigger mechanism on my first two mops gave out within 6 months of use, I bought another reveal mop because I had purchased extra pads and was quite invested in the product. I will probably try a different brand when this one bites the dust
Usually love Rubbermaid products. I had Swiffer wet jet mops but I hated buying solution and throw away pads all of the time. Also, I press so hard when mopping that the handle would break. This handle is much sturdier and love that I can use my own solution and wash the pads. The only bad part is that the pump quit working after about a month. There is a warranty, but who saves a receipt for a mop for a month My suggestion is if you buy this product, keep your receipt.
I wish I had read the reviews about the sprayer being so awful. I do not have much hand strength so this light mop (I thought)was an answer to my prayers. WRONG!!!Look somewhere else not worth the
Bought this mop when it first came out last summer and it has been about 7 months and the handel broke. Can not find out if it has any warenty.
I recommended this product to a few friends right after I bought it. It worked great on the floors with a homemade cleaner. After a few uses the handle bar broke. That was it. It was not cheap, I was highly upset. I do not know if the one I had was defective unless that was the case I would not recommend this product until the handle bar is improved.
Bought one. Thought it was great. Within a few months sprayer did not work. Put it on floor and one good squirt/ spray then virtually nothing For the next 5 min. Then one spray again. Frustrating. Checked for blockage. Nothing
I bought this when they first came out. And use it all the time really like it. the sprayer how ever doesn't always work. Then the other day the handle to the spray broke. And broke my finger nail with the force of the brake. I don't now if I would recommend this product.
I Love the fact that I can use my own cleaning solution however, the product is poor quality. Out of the blue, it just stops spraying. I have bought three over last three years and I only use it about 6 times a year.
I was very excited when I first bought this mop as a alternative to the Swiffer where you have to buy their cleaning solution and disposable pads. For the first month or so I was very happy with how easy the Reveal Spray Mop was to use and how clean it got my floors. Then, the spray trigger stopped working. If you try to wait on the trigger to reset or whatever it does, then it will take you forever to mop one small floor. Like others, I may have to resort to using floor cleaner in a spray bottle, but I sure wish Rubbermaid would just fix the problem or stop making the product. This was such a convenient product when it worked I may have to try Swiffer after all.
Not the sturdiest. Sprayer broke, bottle leaked and caused it to rust. Whole mop head snapped off.. better off buying a cheaper version.
Bought this mop last July. After about 6 months the sprayer only worked on the first spray. I have been using only Bona Hardwood Cleaner or vinegar water in it. I just tried the run the cap under water fill with hot water pump sprayer to no avail. Now it won't even spray once! Very poor design. If I have to carry a spray bottle, I may as well get on my knees use a rag get it really clean! So sorry I didn't remember to save the receipt! Bought the big kit with 2 extra mop heads an extra bottle also. When did the new improved version come out
I have purchased two reveal mops and both triggers only worked for about 5 uses. Other than that, I like how well it cleans the floors.
I loved the mop until after about 2 months after purchase the sprayer handle started sticking, but I was able to time my sprays to let the handle come back up. Then today while mopping, the whole mop head snapped off rendering the entire thing useless.
Bought a Reveal mop and have only used it for a few weeks. At first the trigger only caused a few missed sprays, so I kept the mop. Now it only sprays on the initial spray and nothing else afterwards. I have soaked the bottle cap, I only use water and vinegar. Now I'm reduced to using a separate spray bottle of solution in order to mop, which negates the convenience of having the spray on the mop and holding the mop with two hands. This seems to be a widespread issue with Reveal mops. I like the bottle and the pads, but why doesn't the spray work This is my first disappointment with Rubbermaid. I very much WANT this product to work, just like so many other reviewers. I don't know if it is the bottle or the mop, so I don't know which to try replacing or whether I should give up and try a different brand.
I bought this mop with two extra pads. It has just stopped spraying. I bought my Mom and sister the same mop, because I loved mine. So, I have bought three mops and mine won't work. I love the ease and convenience but it stopped working. I think rubbermaid needs to replace my mop.
i have gone through 3 of these mops in 2 years. i keep replacing because 1, i love the convenience, 2, like using my own safe cleaner, 3 i have invested in extra bottles many cloths so i can have bottles filled at the ready always have extra cloths. but i think I'm done replacing. the trigger just decides to stop working. it doesn't start to act up it just stops. with it being a rubbermaid product, not having any electrical components for the price i thought it would last longer then it does. i guess if you don't use often its a good product, but i use to everyday.
Mop head does not carry enough of the washing solution after spraying and mopping the floor. It will only hold about one half a container of cleaning solution, the deposits dirty water back on the floor, takes forever to dry and it's dirty water that redeposits dirt on the drying floor. Even stopping and removing the mop and wringing it out is not a good solution. Very disappointed. Swiffer here I come ...again!!
I am on my 4-5th mop within the last 2 years, I keep replacing because I love using my own family safe cleaner and I've also invested so much in the additional clothes. If its not the handle breaking its the sprayer sticking......Come on Rubbermaid you have better product history than this! I recommend this if you have to spend.
I love this mop but am on my third one now. Frustrated because the handle has broken off on both of them down where the bottle attaches and my second one the trigger kept sticking. Will try this third one and see what happens
Bought the new style after my old one's handle broke and its terrible. After using it 1 month the trigger handle sticks and won't release. Have to hit it on the floor to get it to release then spray again.
Why doesn't this come with instructions Why can't I make the spray come out Even if it does eventually, from these other reviews, I'm sad to see that the trigger will fail soon and/or the handle will break. Using a separate spray bottle meanwhile. I don't think it's great strategy to keep posing Sorry you're disappointed, call Rubbermaid customer service . . .
I bought this a little while ago and had not used it for very long. Now the sprayer does not work and I do not know how to fix. While it worked, I liked it. Now it is hanging on the wall. I expected better from Rubbermaid.
I have purchased 2 of these mops. I loved the ergonomic design and the cushion grip. After the handle snapped on the first, I replaced it. It was only a couple months old. When the handle snapped on the second, after a couple weeks, I returned it to the store. They replaced it. It lasted another couple months and broke again. These were all the old design, but if the new design hasn't improved the durability, I will not be buying another.
I really loved this product until the whole head broke off and is not repairable. Wish I kept the receipt!
I loved this product until it was about three months old and the trigger mechanism broke. I never had a problem with Rubbermaid products prior to this and did not save my receipt. Foolish me as I can no longer get a refund!
I bought this mop only about a month ago. I was so disappointed this morning when I went to use it and the head broke off the handle. For the amount of money I paid, I expected it to last longer. I would not recommend this to anyone if Rubbermaid does not either replace the one I bought or fix it so it does not keep happening. I will say, however, I loved that I could use my own detergent and that I could re-use and wash the pad. If it had lasted longer, it had the potential for 5 stars!
When I first seen this mop(REVEAL)I thought okay another mop like the disposable ones. The difference being the pads are washable!! Woo hoo, and I can use what I want to use to clean my floors with. Which, if you have to buy the cleaning products for the disposable pads mops can be costly. And if you are like most people you budget every where you can. I purchased the REVEAL and I was impressed to say the least, I have 6 little dogs that have long hair, and as any pet owner knows the hair is every where. I used the mop, it gathered all the hair with out spreading the dirt even if the pad was dirty, it didn't leave any streaks as with a disposable pad does, but after awhile the handle separated from the base. That was the only draw back. I have read the reviews on your NEW IMPROVED REVEAL hmmm and it seems that even this new version has the same problem. What did your design division do Just add the scrub pad, and not change the faults that were associated with the original REVEAL. If that is the case then there will be no need to purchase the NEW IMPROVED REVEAL. Too, bad because it really is a good product.
The lights are more decorative than anything! The design of the mirror is very functional but I bought it because I wanted a lighted mirror and that's definitely not what I received. I would not recommend this product to a friend.
L'Oreal Revitalift Triple Power day/night Cream has a nice smell and it's not greasy however it leaves a very strange residue on my face and neck especially near my hairline and ears, no matter how clean my face is and no matter how lightly I try to put it on. After it is completely dry it will literally ball up if I rub my fingers over it. I'm not sure if I'm explaining it correctly. Its good night cream, but there's no way this would work under make up during the day. It is globby on its own with nothing over it so I can't imagine putting make up over it. I've been using it now for a week so I have not had to go anywhere and use make up but I wouldn't try it. I've not seen any positive changes to the appearance of my skin. I was really hoping to like this cream because of the great price but because of the strange residue it leaves, I will not purchase again.
I tried the challenge and I am sorry to say I see no difference. I am 56 and was really hoping to see less lines. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tried 14 day challenge. Did not see any difference. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
At first try, I loved the product. Felt smooth on the face. A little heavy for my preference. After a day or so, makeup was not able to stay on all day after using this product. I even tried less product and only at night but makeup would slough off like puty in my hand. Will be trying the serum to see if that works better for me. Wish they had samples of the serum to try. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The quality of this moisturizer is great and my face felt great after using it. The one reason I would not buy this product is the smell. I prefer the scent of my current product and that is enough for me not to buy. I received this product for free in exchange for my review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received a 14-day sample of this product from L'oreal (RevitaliftChallenge). Although the product feels great is rather moisturizing, there is residue left only a few hours after applying (too thick of a formula for me, perhaps). I also have not noticed any changes in skin appearance. I'm sure that many others like this product, but it's not for me. I do, by the way, absolutely love L'oreal RevitaLift Double Lifting Day! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I had a free trial of this moisturizer and after it was over, i can only say it made my skin moisturized better than it normally is. The fine lines and blemishes are still noticeable, and it burned for a little while on the skin. I don't think it can be good for my skin if it burns, and honestly wouldn't recommend it to anyone because of that, and the fact that my skin is the same after using it. Thanks, anyway for the sample, L'oreal! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While I didn't completely hate this moisturizer, I did find it to be a bit too heavy. I felt like my skin couldn't breath freely. I definitely prefer a higher end (department store) moisturizer over this brand.
I wanted to love this, but the scent was so strong it made my throat itch and then I got a giant whitehead on my cheek. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The cream goes on very thick, and doesn't smell as good as the other products. My face does feel smooth to the touch, but I feel like I have something caked on my face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it was a little dry...and my skin swollen....... had to go the docter medication....nope...no serum for me This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love loreal but this product not so much. It looked good on my face at first but its like my skin wouldnt soak it in. When i went to put makeup on or touched my face it rolled up this sticky goo came off my face :/ This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the texture of this moisturizer. It's nice and creamy and didn't feel heavy. On me, it burned slightly, and I noticed it caused some redness in a few places. Could just be that my skin is too sensitive for it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I felt like this was too rich for my skin. I'm starting to break out by my ears and jawline where I don't get breakouts. The jar is heavy and pretty, but I much prefer a pump, and it's too heavily fragranced for my taste. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I will not be using this anymore. It made my skin feel very greasy. I used a tiny amount and it still felt greasy, I have oily skin to begin with. Also caused my face to break out. I do have sensitive skin though. It did have a pleasant scent though and not overwhelming. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried this product and I looked like a glazed donut! I'm sure this is a great product if you have dry skin but if you have combo or oily skin I would avoid. It felt like I was dirty because of the oily feel/look. The smell wasn't bad or the texture but for me personally, no thanks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer seems to be very concentrated. A little dab will do. I tend to have more oily skin and thought it was a bit to greasy for me. It definitely did moisturize. It had a pleasant scent . I would like to try this again in the winter months when I'm a little more dry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the L'Oral Revitalift Triple Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer and was disappointed that it made my face feel greasy and heavy feeling with a residue. I tried using this product several times to make sure that I came up with the best review. Unfortunately the product was not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While the fragrance is nice, it is very overpowering. Within minutes of applying, I had to wash my face... twice... and the scent still lingered in my nose. The positive, my skin did feel softer after washing it off. I will pass these products on to someone who may be less sensitive to the scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried it on my whole face first and didn't like the feel. As I don't have wrinkles, I thought I'd try it on my chin down, for the overall sagging. That was more tolerable. As with the serum, I noticed some benet after 1-1/2 weeks. I can only believe that I will continue to notice benefits from continued use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is not my favorite item in the line of products. The smell is faint, and the feeling of the moisturizer is very thick. You seem to need more of this then you would think, it doesn't spread out very well. It made my face feel pretty oily and sticky, then after a few days I notice a change in my skin. My face did feel as oily and I notice the texture of my skin to have a better feel to it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer does hydrate the skin well, but has a very heavy texture and leaves a slip to the skin. This product also has a heavy scent to it that is not appealing to me. I have sensitive combination skin and this product did not clog up my pores, even though it felt a bit greasy on my face. This product does do the job of hydrating the skin, but I would not recommend it, due to the heavy texture and scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the way the jar looks but not a fan of the smell, it kind of reminds me of bug spray. The cream has a nice consistency and makes your skin feel smooth. I would only use this cream at nice though. If the company would take all the off smelling fragrance out I would love this product. I will not be purchasing this product in the future. I did not see any difference in the fine lines on my forehead. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So excited to try a facial product! When I received it I opened it and was happy to find almost no scent. I wanted to learn more about the ingredients in this product so I was easily able to look up information on their website. I began using it right away and have been using it for 9 days. It's simple to use, just wash then smooth it on. My skin feels very hydrated and much softer. I see only a slight improvement in the wrinkles I have. This is going to be a great product for the winter when my skin always feels dry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer and I did not care for it. I have super sensitive skin and am not able to use a lot of products. The moisturizer felt very heavy and left my skin feelin oily. I tried all 3 products together as recommended and had hoped it would get better or more importantly feel better on my face but it never did. It did not make my face break out which was a plus. I won't be using the products anymore but am glad I got to try it free!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As with the serum, I found the lotion to be smooth texture but heavy very thick. I've been using it for about 3 weeks or more and I don't notice much of a difference. It does provide moisture but I'm not a fan of the smell. It goes on smooth but I feel that I have to rub it in more because of the thickness of the lotion. I don't feel that it is natural feeling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer along with the Serum in this line I have to say I really did not care for this moisturizer. It feels great going on the skin, but is way over fragranced and does not have any sunscreen in it. While packaging is marked for daytime and nighttime use I would not use during day because of lack of SPF. Loreal uses almost same fragrance in a lot of it's cosmetic items. This one just has too much of it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I might be biased about lotions since I have a favorite already and now everything I use is compared to my favorite lotion. I use a benzoyl peroxide facewash so my face is very dry if I don't use a lotion afterwards. This lotion is decent and smells okay, but I just can't grow to like it because I already have my favorite lotion. I also saw it in the store, and the price is relatively high for such a small bottle and I would much rather buy my normal lotion for the same price but I get a huge bottle that lasts me a few months. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The feel of this cream is smooth and it absorbs nicely. It does not leave a tacky feeling on your skin. Much like the serum, I had a hard time getting past the smell. It's very strong. It made my skin feel nice but after a week of consistent use, it has not made any difference in the slightest on my skin. Maybe you have to use it longer to see any of the effects. I feel like it moisturized my skin, but did not live up to its own description. And again, the smell. I just can't deal with it. It's like a very strong perfume. If it didn't smell so strong I would give it more time to live up to its promises. But I just can't get past it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been searching for a good moisturizer, so hoped this product would fit the bill. But after trying the product twice, I just couldn't stand to have it on my face due to its very strong floral fragrance. After nighttime use, I could still smell the product when I woke up the next morning! I applied the moisturizer following Concentrated Facial Serum at night, per the instructions. I was surprised my face did not feel greasy after using both products. The combination made for a very silky smooth and moisturized feel. However, I would never use this product again as the fragrance is just too overbearing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tonight I tried the Serum and the Deep Acting Moisturizer. I have to say, the scent for both of these was a bit overwhelming. Even as I type this, I can still smell it very strongly and I'm not sure if I can last too much longer without washing it off (hence the lower star rating). The quality of the product itself seems to be pretty good, and I am optimistic. I am a daily makeup wearer (foundation and occasional blush), and sometimes have tendency towards oily skin (cycle driven, I believe), so I am a little cautious with the amount of moisturizers I am using. But since I have some age spots starting to show, and drooping around my eyes, I am willing to give this a try! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The treatment has been very routine or me. I have combination skin and moisturizing is a must for me on a daily basis. I was very surprised to find that one day of missing the daily routine brought about some really dry, and flaky areas where I am normally oily, never dry. I was very disappointed to see this because I hadn't noticed any issues. I am not absolutely sure the reason why this would happen but it is unsettling to see dry patches where I am normally oily. I have only seen this happen to my skin when I have been swimming in water for a long period of time. I believe my skin is no longer producing it's own moisture due to too much hydration. It is possible. So I am going to discontinue the moisturizer at this time but I will continue the other two products. Let's see what happens now! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer in evenings after applying the RevitaLift Serum for the past two weeks. I initially tried using the moisturizer in the mornings, but I found it to bee too heavy for my skin, and also seemed to flake away. I'm not sure how else to explain it, except that when applying my makeup there were little clumps that seemed to flake off. The moisturizer itself is a nice product, other than the horrible perfume smell. Compared to the other RevitaLift products, this one has the strongest perfume smell that does not seem necessary for a skin care product. Despite the perfume, the moisturizer did not cause any irritation or redness to my sensitive skin. The red glass jar gave the product an expensive feel and was easy to use to apply the product. After two weeks, I do feel like my skin is well moisturized and I may be imagining it, but the faint lines in my forehead seem less noticeable. I am not sure if it is due to the moisturizer, or the moisturizer used in combination with other RevitaLift products by L'Oreal. Overall, I will use what I have left of the moisturizer, but would not purchase another jar. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Honestly I want to love this!! I love the way it smells but despite the fact that it's nice and thick, I don't feel totally moisturized and I wonder if that's due to the perfume. I also feel like I can continue to tell I have product on my face-as if it hasn't absorbed. I only use this one at night and, living in dry dry Colorado, I usually slather on thick Cetaphil cream but using this one instead doesn't feel like an improvement. My dry spots tend to be more dry and I'm breaking out more than usual...now as a woman it's hard to tell if that's hormonal, the changing seasons, or a different product. I'm hesitant to blame it on anything too fast but I do feel like it's possibly the moisturizer. I'll keep trying it but think I may ultimately go back to my old faithful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product came well packaged and has attractive packaging. It's kept in a glass container that could cause issues for those using outside the home or with tile in their bathrooms due to risk of breakage if you're clumsy in the mornings. The moisturizer is creamy and absorbs well after application. I applied it at night so I didn't notice if it was easy to put on makeup afterwards. The fragrance is quite strong and as someone who is sensitive to scents, this is too much for me. My husband noticed it when I crawled into bed. I also noticed for the first few days, that I had a tingling/burning sensation after applying and my skin looked more red. I have sensitive skin to some lotions and this is one of them. It has lessened after a few days but the redness is still here. I haven't noticed much of a difference after a week but that might also be do to being an exhausted Mom to a 10 month old. Due to the fragrance, I will not be buying this product again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Bought this last month. Trial size. Very disappointed. Nothing has improved/changed. No wrinkle repair, no re-firming.
I got this product for free as a result of participating in the RevitaliftChallenge, through Influenster. I noticed after putting on the recommended amount of product on my face, it didn't absorb quickly. It left an overly moist feeling to my face after 10 minutes. On several occasions, after applying the product overnight, I had whiteheads across my face and forehead. Not many, but some, nonetheless. If I had the product on when I was active outside, reapplication was necessary, primarily because it would be wiped off soon after being applied, due to sweating. After two weeks, I didn't notice too much of a change the lines in my forehead did reduce, but not by much. I do want to try this product again when it's not so warm. I look forward to more positive results then.
I purchased a trial size of this moisturizer and am glad that is all I purchased. It has moisturizing abilities but I can hardly stand the smell. It smells exactly like many hairsprays. It takes quite a while for the scent to fade away, too. I was hoping this moisturizer would have some reflective ingredients but it does not.
While I didn't completely hate this moisturizer, I did find it to be a bit too heavy. I felt like my skin couldn't breath freely. I definitely prefer a higher end (department store) moisturizer over this brand.
I tried this product and I looked like a glazed donut! I'm sure this is a great product if you have dry skin but if you have combo or oily skin I would avoid. It felt like I was dirty because of the oily feel/look. The smell wasn't bad or the texture but for me personally, no thanks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been searching for a good moisturizer, so hoped this product would fit the bill. But after trying the product twice, I just couldn't stand to have it on my face due to its very strong floral fragrance. After nighttime use, I could still smell the product when I woke up the next morning! I applied the moisturizer following Concentrated Facial Serum at night, per the instructions. I was surprised my face did not feel greasy after using both products. The combination made for a very silky smooth and moisturized feel. However, I would never use this product again as the fragrance is just too overbearing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So excited to try a facial product! When I received it I opened it and was happy to find almost no scent. I wanted to learn more about the ingredients in this product so I was easily able to look up information on their website. I began using it right away and have been using it for 9 days. It's simple to use, just wash then smooth it on. My skin feels very hydrated and much softer. I see only a slight improvement in the wrinkles I have. This is going to be a great product for the winter when my skin always feels dry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love the way the jar looks but not a fan of the smell, it kind of reminds me of bug spray. The cream has a nice consistency and makes your skin feel smooth. I would only use this cream at nice though. If the company would take all the off smelling fragrance out I would love this product. I will not be purchasing this product in the future. I did not see any difference in the fine lines on my forehead. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I like the texture of this moisturizer. It's nice and creamy and didn't feel heavy. On me, it burned slightly, and I noticed it caused some redness in a few places. Could just be that my skin is too sensitive for it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer does hydrate the skin well, but has a very heavy texture and leaves a slip to the skin. This product also has a heavy scent to it that is not appealing to me. I have sensitive combination skin and this product did not clog up my pores, even though it felt a bit greasy on my face. This product does do the job of hydrating the skin, but I would not recommend it, due to the heavy texture and scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This moisturizer seems to be very concentrated. A little dab will do. I tend to have more oily skin and thought it was a bit to greasy for me. It definitely did moisturize. It had a pleasant scent . I would like to try this again in the winter months when I'm a little more dry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product came well packaged and has attractive packaging. It's kept in a glass container that could cause issues for those using outside the home or with tile in their bathrooms due to risk of breakage if you're clumsy in the mornings. The moisturizer is creamy and absorbs well after application. I applied it at night so I didn't notice if it was easy to put on makeup afterwards. The fragrance is quite strong and as someone who is sensitive to scents, this is too much for me. My husband noticed it when I crawled into bed. I also noticed for the first few days, that I had a tingling/burning sensation after applying and my skin looked more red. I have sensitive skin to some lotions and this is one of them. It has lessened after a few days but the redness is still here. I haven't noticed much of a difference after a week but that might also be do to being an exhausted Mom to a 10 month old. Due to the fragrance, I will not be buying this product again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
While the fragrance is nice, it is very overpowering. Within minutes of applying, I had to wash my face... twice... and the scent still lingered in my nose. The positive, my skin did feel softer after washing it off. I will pass these products on to someone who may be less sensitive to the scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried it on my whole face first and didn't like the feel. As I don't have wrinkles, I thought I'd try it on my chin down, for the overall sagging. That was more tolerable. As with the serum, I noticed some benet after 1-1/2 weeks. I can only believe that I will continue to notice benefits from continued use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I might be biased about lotions since I have a favorite already and now everything I use is compared to my favorite lotion. I use a benzoyl peroxide facewash so my face is very dry if I don't use a lotion afterwards. This lotion is decent and smells okay, but I just can't grow to like it because I already have my favorite lotion. I also saw it in the store, and the price is relatively high for such a small bottle and I would much rather buy my normal lotion for the same price but I get a huge bottle that lasts me a few months. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I will not be using this anymore. It made my skin feel very greasy. I used a tiny amount and it still felt greasy, I have oily skin to begin with. Also caused my face to break out. I do have sensitive skin though. It did have a pleasant scent though and not overwhelming. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The treatment has been very routine or me. I have combination skin and moisturizing is a must for me on a daily basis. I was very surprised to find that one day of missing the daily routine brought about some really dry, and flaky areas where I am normally oily, never dry. I was very disappointed to see this because I hadn't noticed any issues. I am not absolutely sure the reason why this would happen but it is unsettling to see dry patches where I am normally oily. I have only seen this happen to my skin when I have been swimming in water for a long period of time. I believe my skin is no longer producing it's own moisture due to too much hydration. It is possible. So I am going to discontinue the moisturizer at this time but I will continue the other two products. Let's see what happens now! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wanted to love this, but the scent was so strong it made my throat itch and then I got a giant whitehead on my cheek. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer along with the Serum in this line I have to say I really did not care for this moisturizer. It feels great going on the skin, but is way over fragranced and does not have any sunscreen in it. While packaging is marked for daytime and nighttime use I would not use during day because of lack of SPF. Loreal uses almost same fragrance in a lot of it's cosmetic items. This one just has too much of it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I felt like this was too rich for my skin. I'm starting to break out by my ears and jawline where I don't get breakouts. The jar is heavy and pretty, but I much prefer a pump, and it's too heavily fragranced for my taste. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Bought this last month. Trial size. Very disappointed. Nothing has improved/changed. No wrinkle repair, no re-firming.
As with the serum, I found the lotion to be smooth texture but heavy very thick. I've been using it for about 3 weeks or more and I don't notice much of a difference. It does provide moisture but I'm not a fan of the smell. It goes on smooth but I feel that I have to rub it in more because of the thickness of the lotion. I don't feel that it is natural feeling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
it was a little dry...and my skin swollen....... had to go the docter medication....nope...no serum for me This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Honestly I want to love this!! I love the way it smells but despite the fact that it's nice and thick, I don't feel totally moisturized and I wonder if that's due to the perfume. I also feel like I can continue to tell I have product on my face-as if it hasn't absorbed. I only use this one at night and, living in dry dry Colorado, I usually slather on thick Cetaphil cream but using this one instead doesn't feel like an improvement. My dry spots tend to be more dry and I'm breaking out more than usual...now as a woman it's hard to tell if that's hormonal, the changing seasons, or a different product. I'm hesitant to blame it on anything too fast but I do feel like it's possibly the moisturizer. I'll keep trying it but think I may ultimately go back to my old faithful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer and I did not care for it. I have super sensitive skin and am not able to use a lot of products. The moisturizer felt very heavy and left my skin feelin oily. I tried all 3 products together as recommended and had hoped it would get better or more importantly feel better on my face but it never did. It did not make my face break out which was a plus. I won't be using the products anymore but am glad I got to try it free!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tonight I tried the Serum and the Deep Acting Moisturizer. I have to say, the scent for both of these was a bit overwhelming. Even as I type this, I can still smell it very strongly and I'm not sure if I can last too much longer without washing it off (hence the lower star rating). The quality of the product itself seems to be pretty good, and I am optimistic. I am a daily makeup wearer (foundation and occasional blush), and sometimes have tendency towards oily skin (cycle driven, I believe), so I am a little cautious with the amount of moisturizers I am using. But since I have some age spots starting to show, and drooping around my eyes, I am willing to give this a try! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Would not hold good on my hair. As soon as I took down the curlers only some strands of hair were curled. I'll try leaving them on longer next time. I have very straight thick hair so I used 3 packs of these and put lots of mouse.
I just tried a new bottle of Suave Ocean Breeze Body Wash and noticed a lot of floating white soap scum in my bath. I use this product BECAUSE it didn't leave a scummy residue in the water. I looked at the empty bottle I'd just thrown away and noticed the old bottle said Suave Naturals and the new bottle was labeled Suave Essentials. I much prefer the Naturals formula. Will you still make it because I hate this new stuff.
Cooked this today now have what resembles chewy country ham, not crisp bacon... If you want a bacon product, buy something other than this..
that's only if your a Snickers fan which was what 75 of the bag was. The Mrs what the see what the new caramel MilkyWay was and there was all of 2 of them in the bag. I also have one little one who is a Twix fan that is not happy. Thanks for making Old Dad look bad.
Could you please make a plain caramel bar. I don't like having to chew my ice cream. The pretzels take away from the caramel flavor.
I have been using Rubbermaid containers with the regular lids for years for my lunches. One lid finally cracked and I bought two of these with the snap lids to replace it. I am very disappointed as the lids will not stay snapped shut and will leak in my lunch bag. The lids are also cumbersome to load in the dishwasher.
I purchased this product to replace my old sets. Now I wish I had kept them. This is far from the rubbermaid quality I am used to. First let me say I have no dish washer. So these have never been through that cycle. These do not seal properly and leak terribly after the first use. Locks dont stay locked and if you put hot or warm food in foget about closing until its cooled. They will not stay closed. Don't freeze in them because the locks break off. They also break off by just normal use. As far as storage I feel they take up more room because of the 4 locks. Very dissapointed in this product. Wish I had not thrown the old ones away. Not worth the cost.
As the other products in this line this mist smells amazing but I haven't really noticed any difference in my hair while using it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The first 3 ingredients in new formula are the same then the ratio and ingredients change from there. This new product is definitely inferior.
I tried this after Nexxus stopped making the ProMend hear protectant in the gold bottle. I figured that it was basically the same thing. I was wrong. First of all, this doesn't smell very good. It's not awful, but it's a strong scent and I don't like it at all. Secondly, it basically doesn't work. With the other ProMend, my split ends were all but invisible after I used it and straightened my hair. With this, my hair was stiff and didn't move very well, as well as got very tangled because my split ends hadn't molded back together as they had with the previous incarnation. Don't get me wrong, it's still better than drugstore brand protectants like Tresemme, but I don't think I'll be using it again. It comes in a tiny bottle, smells funky, and doesn't do what it says it will. Not worth the cost.
I bought the shampoo, conditioner, heat protector to prevent further damage to my hair. It says repairing, but my ends still looked frayed. I trimmed my hair to get rid of the damage hoping that this product would prevent damage with blow drying styling, but after a couple weeks, my hair is back to frayed the ends. I use a blow dryer and straightener every other day. The shampoo and conditioner keep my hair clean my hair doesn't feel greasy which is a plus. Just wish the heat protector actually worked. It smells good doesn't leave my hair feeling greasy, but does not protect my hair from heat damage.
I also used the Heat Protexx in the gold bottle like the other customer. I agree with her. This is disappointing and feels sticky. The old product helped with tangles, felt clean, and made blow drying and styling easy. I have no idea what product I will use now, but I will definitely be switching brands. I will never understand why a company takes a winning product and ruins it. I am very frustrated.
I agree with the other reviews, if it an't broke, don't fix it! I literally have tried hundreds of products and I LOVED the old formula in the gold bottle. This new protecting mist is just not cutting it. It makes my hair feel and look completely different, not as smooth or shiny. PLEASE PLEASE bring back the old product.
I did not enjoy the NEXXUS mist. It smelt great, it just made my hair feel greasy and thick. Like I had left shampoo in my hair and did not rinse it. I think it did the job, maybe its not an everyday mist. Just as needed for those dry hair days. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Please bring back the shea butter blue cap product. The ingredients in the replacement are not nearly as nourishing.
I love the old version with shea butter. The new formulation isn't near as good as the old version. Please pay attention to these reviews Cetaphil. Bring back the old product.
Please bring back the shea butter blue cap product. The ingredients in the replacement are not nearly as nourishing.
I love the old version with shea butter. The new formulation isn't near as good as the old version. Please pay attention to these reviews Cetaphil. Bring back the old product.
I was hoping they would improve upon the previous formula which I loved but was a little thick. It was made with Shea Butter. This is a new formula and packaging with the same old SKU number. It is thinner and oilyer more like a body lotion not good for hands at all. Way overpriced and a disappointment. Any review prior to mine pertain to the old formula and should be disregarded.
There are some ups and downs with this product but ultimately it's not a Sunscreen that I would buy.PLUSES Organic, which I love Lasts 80 minutes Is water resistant!SUMMARYDespite the fact that it's winter there are days, especially at higher elevations, where there is bright sun. I really wanted this to be a sunscreen that my family could use that would prevent sun burn, and which would reduce wind burn.What I found was a not-so liquid product that felt heavy, like zinc sunblocks, but which didn't sooth or go on easily. It felt like it was abrading my skin.After I put it on my skin felt raw. I don't know if it's a reaction to one of the ingredients --I have quite a few allergies and super sensitive skin-- or a reaction to the non-flowing, non-liquid and slightly gritty nature of it.If you have younger, less delicate skin it might be worth a try, but I don't recommend it to older gals or those which super sensitive skin.
I recently tried and liked Juice Beauty Blemish Clearing Mask, 2 fl. oz. so I was very curious to try this product. First, it is worth noting that this is sunscreen, not just lotion that happens to have SPF in it. I say this because the name initially threw me off since it is called moisturizer and not sunscreen. But from reading the packing and applying it is definitely sunscreen. I say this because I regularly buy both and while lotion with SPF is my go-to on a day to day basis it's usually not waterproof enough or applied in a large enough quantity to provide adequate protection if you're wearing a bathing suit.First, I'll start with what I like about the product. I like that it is waterproof for 80 minutes. I also like that it is natural.That said, I'm not sure this product is meant for my needs. First, it has a very pungent smell. Admittedly, I tend to be sensitive to smells so if you are not, you may find yourself less bothered by the scent. But I had my boyfriend, who is less sensitive to smells than I am, try it and he too found the smell strong and unpleasant. It reminded me a lot of household cleaner, which I wasn't expecting since the other Juice Beauty product I've used has no scent at all. It also seems to sting my sensitive skin a bit. I wasn't expecting that because again, I've really liked the other Juice Beauty product I tried.It's also quite thick. I got this with the intention of using it on my face, but it feels too heavy. It also gives no indication of whether it is appropriate for acne prone skin so I'm a bit nervous it could clog my pores. Because of that, it seems more appropriate for my body, though functionally I have an easier time applying sunscreen with a spray.Based on my experience, this just isn't the sunscreen for me. While it's not natural, I've been much happier with Neutrogena Clear Face Break Out Free Liquid Lotion Sunscreen SPF 55 - 3 oz (Pack of 2).
I'm not in love with this product. It's really thick, and REALLY difficult to massage in fully, so it often leaves white streaks on the skin. On top of that, it smells pretty terrible. The only pro is that it seems to offer fair UV protection-- I haven't gotten burned while wearing it.
The product work and smells great, but is difficult to rub in and leaves a white residue due to being zinc based. I blended pretty well by applying before i hit the beach, but when i got in the water, the residue came back. Not ideal, but it did work well.
I'm 22 years old with eczema so I thought for sure a butter made for babies should be good for me. My first impression was that it was the perfect texture with a pleasant scent. But after multiple uses I'm sure this product is making my skin worse. Currently writing this review at 3 in the morning because I'm up itching after using this butter. Please don't use if you/your child has extremely sensitive skin. I know in theory Chamomile should help soothe the skin but I must be allergic to something in this product. Keep in mind I've used plain raw Shea butter before and didn't have this problem.
I love Sheamoisture products, but this new formula is something I'm very disappointed with! The color is different, the smells off and I wondering if it still has the same healing properties! Every time I fall in love with a product, you all up n change something about it.
I used numerous Shea Moisture hair and skin care products so when I saw the eczema line I thought I'd try it. The consistency was too gritty and I didn't feel it helped much to continue using it after a few weeks.
I bought this for my little boys dry skin and the texture is like a sugar scrub. I can't get it all to melt into their skin. We live in MN and I'm wondering if the lotion froze in transport. I'm going to try warming it up next time.
I think it is inherently a great product with quality ingredients, but the container arrived to me in a state ... hmm .... kinda like previously melted chocolate ... you know, how it it gets that white stuff that separates out and makes it seem not as good as it might've been before it got over-heated? Yeah .... that .... :(
I bought this thinking it was gonna be great. That wasn't the case. As soon as I bought it and used it the first time it was like dried up. Barely any product comes out. I use it as a guide line for my other eyeliner. I wouldn't purchase this again.
This eyeliner is NOT good. After I bought it I tried it out and it was nice and had a very solid color to it but when I went to use it the next day (and I had the cap on very tight) it was dried out! The color was very faded and the tip was hard. It's a very good eyeliner for beginners but overall it's not worth the $9.
Only for body. Not for hands. Scent too strong for my preference.
I love Aveeno products and thought I'd try this based on reviews. I will definitely go back to the fragrance free and Souffle.
Our order from Wal-Mart arrived in September but the coffee had an expiration date of July 12. Starbucks coffee is usually very good. Wal-Mart just sent us old packages. I would rather rate the supplier than the supplies.
2 of the episodes in this movie are good, and the other 3 are fair at best. This is not worthy of bluray transfer!
Didn't really work for me. Oily and didn't remove polish well.
Very artificial tasting. I live in the Virgin Islands, we have lots of ants. Even the ants wouldn't eat them.
Just didn't taste the way I remember them. Sorry, you little elves.
My family was not impressed. Granted, they ARE packaged. But I thought we would like them. I was wrong.
My husband that has a real sweet tooth and loves chocolate cookies. He did not care for these. I tried and had to agree that they were not at the usual standard for Keebler. I will not order again and do not recommend.
What more can I say. Barley Edible - Crunch on Sugar. Did come on time but have a feeling that they wanted this unloaded because it didn't sell or maybe bad batch. Doesn't make you sick or anything like that but you can actually find yourself crunching on sugar like you put a sugar cube in your mouth. Kids probably don't care. Hope this helps.
FIrst off, I LOOOOOVE Keebler Softbatch Cookies. I bought this 6 pack thinking I got a major deal. It is JULY 2014 and the expiration date on all 6 of my packages are OCT 2014. The cookies are STALE. Even heating them in a microwave didn't do the trick. I am VERY UNHAPPY with this purchase. I have to call Keebler on Monday to complain about freshness and perhaps request refund from Amazon. Also, their packaging needs to be improved to maintain freshness. The wrapping is too thin. Very upset right now. :(I have had good luck with buying the small packages of 4 cookies at my local deli. Maybe the moisture and chewiness is maintained better in this environment.
I have already written one review of this product but realized that I had left out a very important issue. The old formulation was much thicker and coated my mouth the entire night. The new formula coats and then is gone before I fall asleep, negating the reason I use it. Please bring back the original oral balance gel.
Like several other people I've used of tube of the Biotene Oral Gel for over 15 years, now for some reason they have changed the product and it is far less effective. Why the negative change Please bring back the original formula and make your cutomer happy and willing to return.
Your new and improved gel product is TERRIBLE ,taste is lousy, bad after taste and is closer to thin gravy than to a gel.
I miss the spray hope it will be back soon.I am usuing the gel but it is not as good as the spray
I began using Oral Balance Gel in June 2001 and it made a huge difference to me before that, I'd wake in the night with my tongue stuck to the roof of my mouth. I began taking Plaquenil when my rheumy Dx'd me with Sjogrens, but since it took almost 5 months for this slow-acting drug to alleviate my symptoms, Oral Balance was a godsend! But not the new, improved Oral Balance. It's terrible: thin and watery doesn't last very long at all. What a shame to market this new formulation as new, improved when it's anything but.
This product set my mouth on fire. I think I'll stick to water. Bought it in the recommendation of my dentist
I experience dry mouth due to the side effects of some prescription medications. I use the Biotene spray and mouthwash, so when I saw the gel claimed to last longer, I knew I had to try it. It is very effective at relieving the dry mouth symptoms, but I was surprised by how unpleasant the taste was. Considering it is a product designed to go directly on the tongue and be ingested, you would think they would make it taste great, or at a minimum, good. Truthfully, unless I had no other choice, I would probably not use it again because of the bad taste. I'll stick with the Biotene spray and mouthwash for now.
I have used Biotene liquid for a long time for nightly dry mouth, so I was really excited to try the new Biotene gel. It's concentrated size makes it great for travel but the gel is a very unusual texture/ sensation to squeeze into your mouth. The taste was pleasant but it felt odd to swish it around and swallow. It seemed like I should spit it out even though the directions say it is safe to swallow. It did help for dry mouth but not as well as the Biotene liquid does.
Definitely not happy with this product! The deep purple wasn't deep purple. The colors aren't as vivid as they seem. Not happy at all...
The frames are not 4 x 6- both the top and the side of the photos have to be trimmed to fit. I purchased a lot of these in order to do Christmas stockings and I was slowed down tremendously by trimming. Plus I lost image area as well. On the positive side, they have real glass and will stand upright from either direction.
I have given this a week to see if it works, no it does not not even a little bit. I have mosquito bites and they itch, they itch a few minutes I put this on , they still itch a half hour later. They itch. Not less about the same. It smells nice and will be an acceptable lotion but this does not stop any kind of itch.
I've used it twice with limited success. Holding the bottle comb is awkward when trying to ensure consistent flow of liquid out of the bottle... liquid doesn't come out properly when the bottle is upright. To be effective, you've got to operate the bottle upside down, and squeeze, and comb thru the hair all at the same time. I am not fully ambidextrous, so each arm, wrist and hand work differently on each side of the head... I don't have the same strength in both arms. When someone helped me the 2nd time, it was a similar challenge to hold the bottle upside down while squeezing and combing.... and they also ran out of liquid before the whole head was done.
The comb is very hard and difficult to use on a short haircut. Very messy. Does not cover all of the gray. Leaves hair a freakish red tint that only gets worse a few days after the application. Very disappointed.
I did not care for these crackers at all. Taste was not there. Poor quality.
This item sounds great when it works. When I paired it with my iPhone, it was great. However, I like to use my Apple Watch for music because I do not like to carry my phone with me all the time. The bluetooth would intermittently skip when paired with the watch and at least once every other day would completely disconnect itself. I have other bluetooth items that pair with my watch and stay connected with no problem -- I was hoping this would work because of the noise cancellation feature. I ended up returning the headset.
The did not stay in my ears and the collar piece felt flimsy and uncomfortable when running.
Great Sound pretty comfortable to wear felt good in the ears butt the microphones don't hear well especially while you're on the phone people would tell me I sounded muffled
I expected more for them. The sound quality was decent but the Bluetooth connection wasn't great.
First off the microphone sucks you need to basically yell for people to hear you. The battery life is terrible you get 6 hours of continuous play which sounds good but i have 8 to 12 hour work days(my job allows me to play music while I work) and the head phone pieces always dangle getting in the way or fall over my shoulder while performing most movements that aren't walking when I am only using one side like most people with jobs often do
Wasn't satisfied with this product because the cable wasn't long enough.
The audio quality is very good but the call quality is very poor. The person on the other end always works have difficulty. I think it has poor Mic placement
The sound quality is pretty good. But that's where it ends. The connectivity was very poor! Depending on how I turned my head I would lose connectivity. Everything else was par at best.
I bought these after having an older model. I thought I would get the same great quality as my first set. Well quickly my calls did not go well. I kept being told that they couldn't hear me or my voice was really muffled. They fit real comfortable and sounded good, just not good for calls. I would only recommend this product for listening to music.
The product does not meet the aspects on the description. The sound quality is very poor specially for the person on the other line, scratchy noises and very hard to understand what the person with the headphones/mic is using
I choose these over the lg tones big mistake! I sound little muffle when I talk on the phone and the sound quality is not that great.
Not very good hearing music and hearing your calls
Do not stay all day and die to fast it ok for a half a day
My husband has a hard time hearing me on the earpiece. Its not that great!
Didn't work very well with my samsung phone, couldn't hear calls very well had to return product. Do not recommend
I tried 3 sets, with 2 different phones. I held the phone in my hand, and it would drop the Bluetooth.
No one could hear me or I was very muffled, returned mine, then my husband returned his, very unhappy with this product.
I own everything Samsung except for the headset. I bought it hoping it would live up too the samsung name. It didn't fit around my neck, the controls were not very intuitive, and the dangling head phones were annoying. The sound was decent, but not the best. I recommend the lg tones or jlab.
The sound quality was great but no one could hear me. Turned them back in.
Friends can't hear you clearly, waste of $100 dollars,returned 2 days later
It was working great while it worked....but after about a month it just quit working and I could not get it to work anymore.
I've been a long time lg tone user so maybe I'm a bit partial... I switched back to galaxy phones and decided to try these. The music quality was GREAT but the call quality was horrible.
I had trouble making phone calls with the set because no one could hear me talking on the other line I was calling.
The headset is okay. I wish it fits around my neck better. It seems to get off to either side to much while working. I seem to find myself constantly adjusting it so it rests around my neck better especially when I get a call due to the mic being under my shirt or behind my back. The one thing that bothers me me the most is the battery life which I feel is a failure. 6hrs is not enough, I work 10hrs a day. I have to charge it during lunch to sometimes making it through the day. I've purchased many many headsets and this is the worst one with battery life.
Haven't used this much yet, but plan on having it on the serving tables a lot as we entertain. I wish the spicket was a metal material, I think it would be much better with so many different people trying to serve themselves, but I shall see. I love the way it looks on the serving table. Have not been disappointed with any purchase from Overstock.
I bought this two weeks ago to reduce my blemishes it reduced them the first 3 days a week later in getting more pimples like 4-6 I have moderate acne and I'm also a teenager so I wouldnt reccomend if u have moderate acne I would reccomend if u have mild acne might help u a little
I purchased the product as of 3 weeks ago and I did not see any results. The product did not reduce blemishes on my face, but increased redness. I felt that the item did not help and made my face extra dry. If your acne is not as bad like mine or severe, I recommended that you don't use this product.
Great facial wash; however, when received both bottle tops were unlocked and leaking. Not an issue with shipping, but issue with Target packer. Half of one bottle leaked all in box.
In the past I had used other Biore products, such as their moisturizers and blackhead strips, but this cleanser did not work for me. Every time I used it, would would dry my face out, and I would break out with small bumps on my face. And, obviously, it did not do anything for my acne. Would not recommend this cleanser, especially for sensitive skin.
I was so overcharged and disappointed in receiving such small bags for the price that I paid!!!
A little disappointed made a worse film on my dishes.
A little disappointed made a worse film on my dishes.
I tried the sample on glasses that were milky looking and it didn't do a darn thing, still cloudy.
I received this free for review, and I was not impressed. We have hard water and it states it works well even with hard water.. I don't think this was the case. My glasses turned out cloudy and spotty after using this. Not something I would purchase.
I like the Suave invisible solid, but it always falls apart and I end up only getting use out of half the product.
this is ok if you want to smell good but it dont keep you from sweating. dont buy this if youre going to be in a hot plsce
Yes, the product works as an antiperspirant. However, when using during travel the deodorant broke into pieces, and exploded all over the place at various points upon my opening it. Not only did it make a mess, but it was a waste of money to pay for something I could ultimately only use half of. I had to mash the stick back together myself. Disappointed.
This product was not comparable to my current deodorant. I was needing to reapply in 2 hours. I received this product free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The deodorant doesn't last as long it says it should I was given this complementary from influenster This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Leaves a white residue and is clumpy for my darker skin tone This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have purchased the sauve 24hour protection powder. In other times it's worked great. This time not so much. I don't feel like I'm getting the same protection against dryness and oder.
Ok so when I received this product for review from Influenster I was excited because its been years since I've tried it so I figured go ahead and give it another go! Everyone loves free right And you dont have to give a false spiel, my opinion is my own. I recommend this product for no one with a semi active life. All I did was sit under an umbrella slightly in the sun for 2 hours and I had no semblance of deodorant left. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I decided to use for a week straight to see if this deodorant kept its consistency. It definitely has a powdery texture when putting on. We had a couple of warm days and by mid day I was sweating up a storm. (Sweat patches formed). My other deodorant usually keeps me dry all day so that's the biggest con for me. The deodorant did keep up the fresh smell though. I received this product complimentary for my honest review. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Smells good, but I typically stay away from deodorant with aluminum. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My mother bought me this for Christmas last year... She said she wanted me to try it out but I really didn't care for it. It flakes off all over your face. I personally like the original great lashes, but water proof. I liked the applicator though :)
I always liked the Great Lash mascaras from Maybelline, but I had a hard time applying this mascara to my lashes. Using the brush was just a big fuss for me to use in the mornings. It also clumps after more than 2 coats and creates 'raccoon eyes'.
This would be a good mascara if it were waterproof. It smudges and goes on very wet, taking too long to dry.
All this mascara does is makes them black. It doesn't make them longer. Illegal length is way better...
It is not the best mascara, I was expecting a lot more. It didn't really make my eyes pop, and the end of the brush ruined the corner of my eye and ruined the eye. I like the Great Lash Big better. I think bigger brushes make bigger lashes.
I didn't get volume, but it lengthened my lashes. It also made them look very straight and I normally don't have that problem as my lashes are very curly. Many coats were needed and made my lashes look crusty, but it was a cheap-ish mascara.
I usually really enjoy this type of mascara but the brush was a way too harsh for my lashes it dried up fairly quickly. It's been years since I've touched this but haven't turned my back completely on the others.
I have been using Great Lash since Jr. High and I used to model as well...all the models I worked with used Great Lash. I don't like the brush onthis one! Sorry guys! The original is best. You can bend the brush how you want to get the right angles and it goes on your lashes better. I can't stand this brush and it doesn't help MY lashes. But yay! for the original Great Lash!
Too unrealistic in any aspect. This would be one of those 2 star rated sci fi movies on netflix. It would only be entertaining to an audience age 13 and under because it has lots of cool aliens, guns and flying, unfortunately for the producers its rated PG13. Visually cool, yet a terrible movie with or without expectations from part one. The ending tops it off by spitting at you in the face lol
20 years too late. Doesn't give the first one justice.
this movie is not the same without will smith the characters was bad
Not as good as the original.. I see why Will Smith passed on it
not a bad film but not a worthy sequel to a great film.
This movie wasn't as good as I expected. They took way too long to make a sequel and when they did it seemed outdated. The story line was interesting, the special effects were excellent (there should of been more), and it was kind of boring at times. The extra large alien queen was stupid and ruined the movie for me. The way they ended this movie opened it up for another sequel which could be good if they put there minds to it. I recommend to rent this movie not buy it. I feel like I wasted my money.
Sequels are usually better than the original but not in this cases. Loaded with over the top bigger more cgi bigger isn't always better. The premise is add in some young people to pull in a young audience and throw big cgi. It missed building relatable characters on a path you can rally with.
This movie was up to the point of release the most highly anticipated sequel that I have been waiting 20 years for. I saw the first one 4 times and countless times on tv and br. It stands up really well after 20 years. When the sequel was released theatrically I attended the 1 night double feature containing the first and second movie back to back. Seeing the first one in the theaters again was enjoyable and then seeing the second one. After watching the second one I was felt kinda let down. It didn't have that emotional impact that the first one and I felt nothing for the new cast of characters. Seeing some of the original characters was nice but that was about it. The special effects weren't really WOW factored like the first one. The end of the movie just pretty much a slap in the face saying "You are going to get a sequel because this sequel was bad!".
I bought this on sale knowing the movie got bad reviews. I'm a big fan of the original so I thought I'd give it a shot since it was on sale. I'm watching on my oled 65" tv. I must say the video quality for this disc was subpar. Very grainy. When compared to truly amazing video UHDs like revenant and mad max this one doesn't even compare. The movie itself had so many plot holes and the acting was so bad I almost felt like turning it off.
Don't go into watching this movie with high expectations. The story is bland, the action rehashed, the acting subpar. The special effects were about the only good thing about this movie really, and even then those were just okay. Rentable movie, pass on the purchase.
The first one is better than the second one. Don't waste your money on this. Wait for it on tv
But, I love 'special effects' and this movie was loaded!Not as good as the first one, though...
This movie was not worth the time to watch. If you must see it, I suggest Redbox for this one.
Below average sequel. Uninspired, annoying actors, lazy script. Seems like a cash in, and I'm surprised it took them this long to make a sequel. Will Smith is a joke these days and he wouldn't have made it any better.
Not the finest waste of 2hours, but it beats workingBad dramaPoorly actedDid love the former presidents resurgence The comic relief of the father was nice
An interesting sequel, but I don't think they captured the feeling of impending devastation of the first. Having the son of Will Smith's original character was clever (I guess they could get Will to come back). Jeffrey Goldblum seems to want to do any sequel (he was terrible in the Jurassic sequel). All in all though, a nice ending the to story begun so many years ago.
This is an ok sequel, not up to the standards of the first. Just doesn't capture the magic of the first movie.
For me disappointed - of course comparing to the first.Glad the Dr. came back
I loved the movie. I miss will smith but loved jeff goldblum in the movie
I was hoping for a better story not as good as the first one but it was okay to watch
I saw it in the theater and would not have bought it but my family wanted the copy to go with the original. This movie had great potential and could have been awesome but they didn't put the work into it that they could have. Dead is dead and they brought characters back from the dead and killed off others because of time constraints. Don't buy this unless you are like my family and "MUST" have sequels.
Bought because we really enjoyed the first independence Day movie. Not a fan of Resurgence.
I'd wait for it ta hit the bin!!! Glad I didn't spend movie theater type money on this!!! Horrywood has lost their touch!!!
A decent movie if you are a Sci-Fi fan. Not as good as the original. If not a sci-fi person, skip it.
So having recently bought a new UHD player, I wanted to get a 4k movie to watch it on and since this movie was actually shot in 4k and not just an upscaled version, I figured I'd pick it up. I very much regret my decisionThe movie is, completely, an absolute disaster. We waited 2 decades for this?! The action sequences are stellar but the story, the set-up for a sequel, the acting (except for jeff goldblum), and the directing was horrible. Wait for this to go on sale. It's a complete waste of $30 and two hours of your life you'll never get back. better yet, wait for it to air on tv.however, the 4k quality is impeccable. The audio is intense and immersing. It's definitely the next wave in home entertainment.
Ok movie to see once, got it cheap on black friday. Just a movie full of actors that really don't do much.
The first Independence Day movie was a breakthrough with a bit of corny dialogue but some state-of-the-art Special Effects. I saw it in the theater. This one, watched in my home theater, was sadly not the same. They took the original storyline, made the spaceships bigger, added even more corny dialogue, and called it done. 2 hours I'll never get back. Definitely should have rented it before buying it. Thankfully it was bought during Black Friday so I didn't pay full price. Hollywood has run out of new ideas!
This movie has good special effects but not much of a story. Pretty sad as the original was much better.
In this movie I can see why some big names would not touch it. At least the first movie made some attempt at making it seem a bit more realistic / likely. This second one seemed more silly, borderline comedic. It just appears as a movie that made half the attempt or effort to make this a block buster movie. With so many side stories and side themes, I didn't know if I as watching "Jurassic Park", or "The Day after Tomorrow". They tried to make the movie "International" (perhaps in effort to boost foreign sells ) by bringing in Chinese actors and actresses, but gave them such small parts, leaving the question of why even bother? Whats the point? Not to mention the predictable "romantic" attempt with the leading chinese actress and one of the co-stars" at the end. ...Really looked thrown together. The confusion of multiple stories leads to not taking the movie seriously because it doesn't really have a central theme (definitely not a theme of Independence Day) . Predictable and half baked effort of the first movie (2 stars).
it was just an okay movie. Wouldn't have purchased it if I had seen it first
Really liked the first Independence Day and was looking forward to this one. It was very disappointing.
The amount of time between films surprisingly didn't work in this film's favor. Boring, lackluster plot, action sequences, and performances.
Too much action, not enough building the characters.
Not a good story line and did not connect the first movie, which was very good, to this story very well.
The original Independence Day was very good. Resurgence simply didn't have a good story. You could see the actors trying their best to make it work. Very Disappointing!
It wasn't that great. It was very predictable. Good visuals though.
Movie was too futuristic for me. Had long periods of drag and no continuity.
I was really looking forward to this, but it's not as good as the first one. In fact, I was so bored I stopped watching after 30 minutes. The 3D didn't help.
Not gonna lie - this movie is terrible. But if you're a sucker for spectacle and top shelf a/v like me, then it's not a bad buy if the price is right.
There are better sci-fi flicks to buy for your collection.
This movie was terrible and silly. It wasn't worth the money.
Bought this for my son and I've tried to watch it, but have fallen asleep both times lol
Never do a sequel of a Will Smith movie without him.
Not as good as the first,is a popcorn flick to bad they killed off Will Smiths character
Will Smith was wise to pass on this retread. Wierd science fiction story with ho-hum seen it a million times destruction. At least they tried, but there's no saving this movie.
The movie is good but the sound quality is very poor.
While this movie was somewhat entertaining to watch, I constantly was reminded of why I liked the first one so much better. It needed Will Smith, but gave you a weak and forgettable character of his son. They should've scrapped that part of the story... or got a better actor. This movie was a mess and should've been made years ago.
A lot of bad movies but this is the worst. I can't believe they ruined the first
It was not as good as the first movie. It was too long and didn't have a very good story.
Really enjoyed the special effects, but would not watch again. Definitely did not improve on the original movie.
Twenty years after mysterious aliens nearly wiped out humankind, they're back with a vengeance but no Will Smith to save the day.
Ehh... wait for the $5 bin. Not the best movie, but cool they brought several people back, except for the one that matters.
The movie was at times entertaining, but lacked the appeal of the first.
Yikes. I may have been pathetic and seen the original 4 times in theaters but this is going bye bye asap
Did not live up to the first movie. Could have been much better.
Bad. Bad. Bad. Bad. Bad. Bad. Why.....why....why....
My opinion is similar to just about everyone else's that I've talked to about this movies storyline: You had 20 years... had potential to be an awesome long-awaited sequel but fell flat in my book. I'm not sure if even Will Smiths appearance could've saved it. I'll give 2 stars because there's nothing wrong with the quality (got the steel book for same price as regular edition) and blu ray has lots of extras but extras on a bad movie just makes an "extra" bad movie. Sorry.
There was no need for this movie. The first one was entertaining, but this seems to go through the motions
This movie can't live up to the original. And no will smith! Don't buy not worth the money. 4k is nice looking
I had higher expectations for this movie and turned out to be kinda disappointed.
This movie is honestly mediocre at best. I wanted to like it. I honestly did. But the writing was just so bad, and certain things were just too coincidental that it was ridiculous. Goldblum is great and the aliens (when you actually see them) look good for the most part. The new cast don't bring much to the table and some of their lines are really cringeworthy. I'm just hoping the sequel is a lot better than what we got here.
I would rent it not worth buying. Just didn't keep my interest.
This movie was terrible. So disappointed. Acting sucked...dialogue sucked...directing sucked. The only reason I gave 2 stars was for the high budget CGI scenes...which weren't anything to celebrate but better than low budget turds.I really wish I would've rented this one first. Total waste.
As far as sequels go, Independence Day Resurgence is one of the worst. The plot is very thin, no character development, poor acting, poor CGI, poor directing, poor pacing. Do yourself a favor and skip this movie.
Well, I'm no longer curious as to why this one wasn't in the theaters longer. You could 'see' where this film becomes budget conscious. Not the worst I've ever seen, just far from the best. I thought the original was a 5 on a scale of 1 - 10. I'd rather watch that one twice, than this one after the first.
This entire movie felt like a remake of it's 1996 counterpart, with upgraded CGI graphics. The entire movie was is a let down. There really is nothing more to say about it.
This movie was sub par for a sequel. Had it been made closer to the original it could have been better.
The fact that they killed off the star of the 1st movie wasn't enough! No then they made the corniest story line with phony imagery of the aliens.Totally garbage I wouldn't recommend this to no one.
First one was epic, this one not so much. Not a big enough star in this one to keep it interesting.
I am rating it so low because the movie is not that good, not because there is anything wrong with the product or quality. At least I got it on sale.
It's a very boring movie. Acting is mediocre. Not worth the price.
I got this to go along with the original. Mistake! Without Will Smith, this movie basically flops - run away, seriously!
Nice special effects and the movie looked great in 3d. Found the story line to be a bit goofy. You'll have to judge the movie for yourself. Mildly entertaining.
This was not the sequel I had hoped for when I watched it. Some decent CGI and Goldblum does a good job, but not much new here.
I loved the first Independence Day. This one feels like a parody of the first one. Really hooky and actually kinda boring at points. I really was looking forward to this.
the kill offs were bad but obvious. the story was okay except for the obvious parts of people being dumb throughout the whole movie. its a good watch. tht is all
not worth the money I spent for this movie- pretty much the same old same old comments from actors in the same old same old situations
ID2 was just ok. I was really excited when I saw previews and couldn't wait to see the sequel to a movie I really enjoyed. However, this movie fell a bit short of my expectations. I appreciated having a few of the prior characters from the first film, but I felt like the 2 lead actors, just didn't have the real punch needed for this film. The movie wasn't horrible or bad, it's just that I expected much more. There was some good action and great special effects. Thus, I'd still recommend this.
I think it would have been much better if there was more of a plot? Nothing happened (not remotely) more than I saw in the commercials. The original movie was best.
Horrible sequel considering what they had to work with.
Good movie but predictable just like the original one,
This was not as good as the original was. Don't waste your time
It is very similar to the original, only much worse. I would rent it, not purchase. I probably won't watch it again.
The plot line was hard to follow, Not enough action.
No problems with Best Buy or quality. The movie was just absolutely terrible. Bad acting... bad plot... and they had 20 years to write it!
Twenty years was way too long of a delay to make a sequel, and you don't bring your primary star back?! This could have been better.
This movie was not as good as the first movie. I'd wait for this movie to come out on streaming video to watch it.
Shouldn't have been made, ugly film with no charm at all
As is typical with sequels...they rarely live up to the original. This was the case here. I didn't expect much & this was a realization of that, unfortunately.Oh, well...
They should have left the 1st a one of a kind classic. Actors I love. Story should have went back to the drawing board
The movie was a little slow, so I fell asleep. The special effects were not bad, but I would have to try to watch the movie again.
Best part was Mr. Spinner running around in his gown.
Nothing like first one which was more realistic. I lost interest after only 8 mins. of movie. Sci-fi version of dumb and dumber.
I barely remember this movie! It was not the same without Will Smith.
Loved it. A lot of special effects. I really like the story line about aliens trying to takeover earth
No Will stupid plot B actors NO I would NOT recommend it. Buy something else something better something original
The visuals are great in 4K HDR. But the acting is awful and the story was not that interesting. If you want visuals to show off your 4K tv this will do it but don't expect much after that.
Not as good as the first, the filmmakers are too concerned with setting up more sequels instead of just delivering one good movie.
ID4 Resurgence has a lot of flash and bang, but the payoff is lacking in the end. The characters are there, but the script doesn't deliver any fresh or bold ides, and the dialogue seems like we have heard it before.
This was an ok movie. It's not as good as the first one. I hope they don't have a third.
I figured it would be a decent movie but it really wasn't. I would not recommend
I didn't enjoy this movie.Thes first one was a lot better
It had a lot of action but was almost a copy of the original.
Didn't like the first one. Liked this one less..Don't waste your money on this 4k disk.
Special Effects were stunning as expected, but the plot was almost boring in its predictability. Brent Spiner & Judd Hersch star qualities shown as did Goldblum, but supporting actors were amateurish & adolescent including Bill Pullman. I expected better and didn't get it. This is basically a back story for a third movie and a poor sequel to the first. Rent it. Don't buy it.
Took forever to get the sequel, and it wasn't worth the wait. Had a few good action sequences and some decent CGI. First one was definitely better.
I don't know, i just cant get into it, the movie needed Will Smith.
This movie was not on the same scale as the original. The development of the was underdeveloped.
this move try to use the same characters and failed. acting was terribe
Ok movie. I just wish they would have brought back everyone from the original cast.
Watch the first and put this on as background after Some lame writing but technically proficient in the movie making department Too much Jeff goldblum
Terrible movie but wonderful presentation. If you are expecting the first movie, then pass.
By no means is this as good as the original. And to have waited this many years one would expect a much better story, acting, etc. Worth a look, but temper your expectations...
First Indi Day was a great popcorn movie that was a lot of fun. The sequel is just ok but turn your brain off. I will say I liked it more the 2nd time around. This is a rental or wait for television.
They worked to hard to tell a story and to build up some predictable gags.
The star of this movie is the impressive special effects, which is the only reason to watch this sequel.
The movie itself sucked. However, that's not what these reviews should be about. They should be about the quality of the 4k picture. With that being said, I wasn't impressed. Using BD Wise improved it vastly. However, it's still not that great. Very Grainy.
Story was poorly written, acting was subpar, visuals were actually not to bad which is why it got 2 stars instead of one.
Somewhat disappointed in the sequel. Didn't seem to have the same "threat to humanity" level as the first movie
This movie was not as good as the first one. Somewhat disappointed.
This movie has all the special effects, explosions, and near misses an action junkie could want. It builds to a fiery climax, complete with giant world-devastating ships and awesome future tech. So it's very unfortunate that the grand finale, despite the best efforts of several fresh and familiar faces, falls a bit flat. Character development, or the lack of it, is partially to blame. There is also a certain contrived and almost commercial dryness in the humor; it barely elicits a chuckle, and doesn't serve to endear the heroes to the viewer. Where the first movie won points for some originality and truly likeable leads, the sequel finds itself sorely lacking its own identity; this feels like an almost too-familiar formula, with very little of the infectious charm. Perhaps had this one included something of an appearance rather than a mere passing nod to Will Smith's character, Capt. Hiller, there might have been some soul to this spectacular beast. Instead, we are left with a thrilling ride that comes to a sudden and mildly awkward end, and the whole thing ends up feeling a bit, well, alien.
Worth a rental. They tried to get all of the cast from original which was fun but it's not the same.
Looked good in the previews but movie was terrible. dialogue was awful and acting was not much better.
Not as good as first movie. Would not buy again if had option to
Not as good as the original and the story line is hard to follow. In addition, the outcome is too predictable. Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum made an excellent team in the original Independence Day, and Will is sorely missed in this sequel. The occasional humor that they and Russell Casse brought to the movie is also absent. I'm sure everyone remembers lines like "I haven't heard no fat lady sing" and "Sorry I'm late, Mr. President! Kinda got hung up back there! Armed and ready sir! I'm Packing! ". Consequently, I'm not ecstatic about the indication that there may be an Independence Day 3.
This was one of those movies that ends up feeling longer than it actually is, the story is terrible and the acting matches that. The only decent thing about this movie is that it looks pretty good in 4K, but even then there's plenty better looking movies to buy.
The general concept should have worked: 20 years later (i.e. some time for travelling great distances across space) a new ship arrives to investigate what happened to their conquering force. Unfortunately, the execution of that concept is a mess. The special effects are fine if a bit over scaled for my taste, but bad dialog is painfully abundant, plot points are jammed in awkwardly, and we never make any personal connection to the characters that makes you care what happens to them. The 3D version is satisfactorily clean but its not enough to overcome other issues. Recommended only for completist collectors that want it to go with their ID4 copy or to add to 3D collection.
ALTHOUGH NOTHING COMPARED TO THE ORIGINAL THIS IS STILL A GOOD POPCORN FLICK
AI liked the first movie and would hope this one would be as good or better. Unfortunately, it's somewhat boring and not as good.
Well what can I say about this film... I guess I can say ID4 Resurgence is a ok action movie but a terrible sequel to the original ID4 (plus side cool looking steelbook case)
It's just not the same without Will Smith in the movie.
There is a bit of trivia on the IMDB page for Independence Day: Resurgence that talks about how, after the success of the first film, 20th Century Fox paid screenwriter Dean Devlin a large sum of money to write a script for a sequel. The story goes though, that after completing the script for what would have been the original sequel to 1996's Independence Day Devlin decided not to turn it in and instead gave the money back to the studio. The trivia goes on to state that Devlin did this because he felt the story didn't live up to the first film. As we are now twenty years removed from that original film and have now seen what an Independence Day sequel looks like this course of action only seems to beg one question: how bad must that original sequel script have been? Could it really have retreaded the beats of the first film as much as Resurgence does? The only thing that differentiates the first film from this new one is the passage of time and how that has changed earth's technologies and defense systems while having what cast returns look a little older. The IMDB page goes on to say that it was only fifteen years later, when Devlin met up with director Roland Emmerich to try again, that they felt they had finally "cracked" a story for a sequel. Though it is difficult to be downright negative towards a film story and character development certainly aren't Resurgence's strong suits and may even be the most laughable aspects of a movie that tries really hard to be funny. One can't help but feel that, in this scenario, "cracking" the story only meant they were offered a lot more money than before. If Resurgence does indeed deliver the story that Emmerich and Devlin thought more justified the existence of a sequel to their 1996 feature it can only now be concluded that they were only going to repeat themselves more with the scrapped screenplay. While Resurgence certainly finds moments of dumb fun and some rather spectacular action sequences given special effects have improved greatly in the last two decades it is more or less a retread of what we saw in that original movie in terms of ensemble cast and humans versus aliens. Granted, the question easily posed in response to that statement is, "what did you expect it to be?" and the answer to that is that they at least try to find a new way into that same old story.
Disappointed not as fun as the original. Will Smiths presence could save this one.
The movie was ok. It wasn't better than the original. But had the same story plot.
Looks great in 3D, but the movie was so--so with a horrible ending. I see why Will Smith decided not to the sequel.
Very disappointed with the script. More of the first Independence Day to me, with some of the same repeated lines.
Full of cliche's, very predicable and had absolute no story line. Just action and not really exciting at all. Fell asleep while watching.
Just a mess. Couldn't understand plot lines, too arbitrary. Should have left the original as the legacy.
I had high expectation for this move. They had 20 years and more than twice the original budget on this film and it just didn't deliver as I had hoped. You will want to watch if if you loved the original but rent or pay a low price.
This movie is one of those movies that if it wasn't ever made, no one would miss it.
I love the first one better and should keep it like that! No more part 2 pls.
Independence Day II was not what I expected. Disappointing. But as always I did get a GREAT PRICE at Best Buy and my collection continues. Thank You Best Buy,
Unlike Pt. 1 this film lacks the luster of a true story line as told by Will Smith. Though action-packed still falls short on story telling.
Loved the first one, but this was a compilation of bad cliches. Special effects were underwhelming, too.
Was really hoping to see more action and a better storyline, entertaining but does not deliver, like the previous installment.
I WENT THROUGH THE MOTIONS IN TRYING TO BE ENTERTAINED. RATED INDEPENDENCE DAY A 4 BUT DID NOT SEE ANY THING REDEEMING ABOUT THE SEQUEL. NO STORY VALUE AND NO COMEDY. I HOPE WE WILL BE SPARED A INDEPENDENCE DAY #3
Independence Day Resurgence was definitely not as good as the first one. I was disappointed even with some of the original cast. It was very predictable.
If you like special effects this is the movie for you. Story is lacking not as good as the original for sure.
Not near as good as the first movie. If you want to watch it I would rent it not buy it. If you watch it once you probably won't want to watch it again
I really enjoyed the first movie released in this series. This movie was a bit of a letdown because I expected it to be more of the same. Characters seemed shallow, storyline lacking, and no real big well known actors like the first. Disapointed!
It was just an ok film, I would rent not buy it's not worth watching twice
The story line was old and rebooted from the first movie. The graphics were great.
not worth watching unless you are a dire hard fan of the original
Computer graphics integration is much better than the original. However, you cannot help but notice that parts of the film story are contrived, particularly the conflict between the two lead pilots.
I missed seeing this film in the theatres. Glad I did after watching it from the comfort of my couch. It's one of the worst movies that I've watched in a long time. Better to wait to watch it on public television or TBS.
If it weren't for the special effects this movie wasn't worth watching. Actually shot with 4K camera.
This movie has all the special effects, explosions, and near misses an action junkie could want. It builds to a fiery climax, complete with giant world-devastating ships and awesome future tech. So it's very unfortunate that the grand finale, despite the best efforts of several fresh and familiar faces, falls a bit flat.  Character development, or the lack of it, is partially to blame. There is also a certain contrived and almost commercial dryness in the humor; it barely elicits a chuckle, and doesn't serve to endear the heroes to the viewer. Where the first movie won points for some originality and truly likeable leads, the sequel finds itself sorely lacking its own identity; this feels like an almost too-familiar formula, with very little of the infectious charm.  Perhaps had this one included something of an appearance rather than a mere passing nod to Will Smith's character, Capt. Hiller, there might have been some soul to this spectacular beast. Instead, we are left with a thrilling ride that comes to a sudden and mildly awkward end, and the whole thing ends up feeling a bit, well, alien.
The scent didn't last long
That is have grit
So I bought this product assuming the whole 'milk and honey' would really do the trick. I mean, it really makes my lips soft and nice when i'm wearing it but as soon as it comes off my lips feel extremely dry and I have to keep putting it on.
Would not recommend DVD for children viewing on movie night.
I thought this looked very funny from commercials. It was tough to watch and I couldn't wait until it was over!
Don't watch this with kids in the house. Amazing how groceries can become XXX
This movie wasn't for me. I thought it would be funny but, I guess it isn't my style of humor.
It's obvious they were trying to be explicit for the R rating, more time should've been spent on the story. It's a PG (at most) show made an R with language and being suggestive. Didn't help.
with all the hype on this movie it was terrible. The movie had a lot of adult content in it and was very boring
I guess you have to find a sense of humor somewhere to find enjoyment of the story line.. It might be humor appealing for someone else but for me I was not amused. That's my personal opinion.. I guess you can call it a form of protest against human society vs food rights??
I like comedy. Laughter is good for you. Dirty comedy is ok, and language doesn't bother me. But this movie is just not as funny as they think it is. It's a cute premise, nicely drawn characters, but just not funny. I think the guys who make these kinds of movies need lessons in what's funny. I like the Marx brothers, 3 stooges, lots and lots of the National Lampoon stuff - this just wasn't funny - for a movie that was supposed to be - I expected better. Save your money - this will be on sale for 3.99 before you know it.
A cute animated movie that has unexpected anti-faith underpinnings, and a grand finale that sends all the wrong messages about restraint. This movie is not aimed at Children, supposedly, so if you decide to buy this film make sure that the above precautions wouldn't bother you. The animation is good albeit the storyline sinks the whole enterprise in my opinion. Too bad, none of the trailers led me to expect this.
I expected this to be a funny movie about food, it was DEFINITELY NOT! This movie is full of foul language, body innuendo, it should be rated XXX! The story is interesting, but it is NOT for kids.
It is funny movie but really raunchy. I do enjoy off color humor but at times it feels like crossing the line. Trying now to see if I can give to someone. Do not want as part of my movie collection.
It wasn't as funny as I thought, although has some funny parts.
A little over the top on the raunchiness. Probably more of a guys movie?!?!
I was expecting it to be funny, but most of it was not the kind of humor I was expecting.
As it says, not what I was expecting. It started off okay, then got good, then got really weird. It had it's funny moments. I don't have any intentions on watching it again.
I had high hopes for this film, but was let down by the ending.
This movie is definitely funny but overall just stupid. I will say that the Video and Sound quality are good.
Got this free with my new PS4 Pro. Not sure why they bundled it since the PS4 Pro doesn't play them.
Didn't like this movie at all. I really did not get it and don't feel like watching again to try and understand.
I imagine this movie would be better in an "altered" state. The jokes, by and large, are obvious or not very funny. Sometimes both.
It wasn't that very funny at all. The only cool part was the graphic renderings.
Movie previews made it appear funnier than it really is. Overall entertaining but not one I will watch over and over.
It's ok in my opinion but wouldn't recommend for purchase
All the good parts were in the movie trailer. I was looking sooo forward to watching this and very disappointed
Sausage party was funny, but the jokes bordered on being too cliche and over done... I laughed, but the re-watch value is low... definatly not a movie for any young person.
NOT FOR KIDS.... best part of the movie was shown in the previews
I saw the commerce for the movie and bought it! I watched it thinking it would be funny. The funniest parts were in the TV spots. Don't waste your time or money!
I knew it was a stretch "buying" this movie (I paid less than $1 for it), but I would not bother spending money on it. It obviously had some funny parts, but overall the movie seemed to drag on. I enjoyed watching the extras and the video of the actors doing the voice recordings than actually watching the movie.
Really not as funny as I expected to be. I'm not offended by anything in the movie. I just didn't find the jokes or situations to be that funny. Seth Rogen is his usual self with his scruffy voice/screaming/swearing. If you have a lazy day with nothing to watch, I still wouldn't recommend the movie lol.
I had higher expectations and maybe thats why I felt disappointed. Try before you buy.
Had some good moments but overall this movie fell flat.
Cover is very deceiving. Do not buy this movie thinking it is a kids movie. For adults only.
This movie is funny and probably considered ridiculous.
horrible movie honestly i know that it is suppose to be a funny stoner movie but it is horrible please don't buy it .
Fun movie, but perhaps a little too pushy on the swears and the rated content. Not for kids!
The Good - Looks great in 4K Ultra HD. The bad - the movie is not good. I was hoping for more. Hardly laughed. OK rental. Don't purchase.
Got the UHD version, which is nice because it comes with multiple versions.
Exactly what I was expecting in an animated comedy
This was a bland comedy that was based solely on the shock of it being an adult themed animation. I didn't laugh at all. The comedy was cringe worthy at best at completely misses the mark of what these comedians are truly capable of.
Just good as a rental. Hesitated on that second star
Not sure I would watch this again. Some parts were kind of funny but then some parts were too much even for me. Definitely an ADULT movie.
i thought the movie was ok it had some funny parts and i like pretty much anything that Seth Rogan and his group put out but this was not on my top nor recommendable movie list.
I didn't expect too much and it did have some funny moments but overall DUMB!!
Not something I'm looking to watch again was funny at first then it was just way to much was taken way to far
Some parts of this movie were funny but some were just ridiculous and without much sense. I think if you see it once that's is plenty
Enjoyed this but the end was way too much, kinda ruined it .
Dirty for the sake of being dirty. South Park is smarter.
Full of adult humor. Loved all the actors. Not a movie for children.
Wasn't really that funny. Felt like all the jokes were forced and the movie was about 45 minutes too long. Wish I could return it. Luckily I bought it on sale with a coupon and didn't pay anywhere near full price. 8 highly recommend renting this movie before purchasing and if you think it's funny ( I really hope not ) then you can purchase!
Had some good moments. Funny moments. But was just kinda dumb
Interesting plot and had great punch lines. Definitely a movie meant only for adults.
It's just an animated movie with curse words every couple of seconds. Not what I expected.
Was not impressed with this low brow comedy from Seth Rogan. He has done much better than this.
Not a great product expected to be more powerful for the price
If you like to sleep with a good amount of wind blowing on you do not buy this fan is horrible for the price you can do much better it isn't very quiet it doesn't stand up high enough but as I said the worst feature for me it doesn't put out a good amount of air
Not very pleased. It has 8 fan settings. One is fairly quite. ALL of the rest the fan is quite BUT it vibrates through the floor. Sounds like a truck with a flat tire. Weird thing is the speed that doesn't do this is the middle setting. All started after three weeks. Also the fan has a bright function LED light that you can turn off after setting it ONLY on the unit not the remote. BUT every time you change anything the LED comes on full bright. Since you can't turn it off with the remote it makes the remote useless.Change the speed @ 2am and you're getting up unless you like a bride blue bedroom.
I recently purchased this fan because it appeared to be large enough to circulate the air in my living room. Wrong. My living room space isn't large, so for this fan not to be able to circulate the air in it was disappointing. Plus, it was kind of eerie that I couldn't really hear the fan. As weird as that sounds. I returned it immediately.
This fan is sleek and stylish, but the fan does not push out much air. I would not recommend this product.
I bought this fan because of how it looked, it's height (so I can feel air in my bedroom when I was in my higher positioned bed) and because I did not have a ceiling fan. This fan is fine in terms of noise the fan makes (not too loud, but obviously a fan isn't going to be COMPLETELY silent like some high maintenance people want). The only thing that makes me give a bad review is that even though the round bottom section that keeps the fan upright was screwed on tight, the fan had to be in a very SPECIFIC position in order to not make a crazy noise. It sounded like the actual interior fan was rubbing against the side or something, I absolutely cannot figure out why it would make that noise but it won't stop and it's never a consistent angle it needs to be in to stop. Very annoying and poor quality. I probably wouldn't have been able to return it even if i did have a receipt because it got so much heavy dust on it so quickly and looked used (it's 3 months old). Not buying a fan like this again.
i loved this fan when we first got it. Worked awesome, super quiet and cooled the room like a huge fan ! Then after a month it just suddenly quite working:( got it as a wedding gift , so I have no receipt) So now it just takes up space in my garage.
bought and watched with the grandkids. we were all let down.a one time watch
These cereal bars are convenient if you're in a hurry but don't throw one in your bag for later, chances are it'll get pretty smashed. Also, the consistency of the bar is disappointing, very sticky and chewy. I prefer a breakfast bar that feels like real food. But at this price these bars are well worth it. The taste of the mixed berry flavor is pretty much what you'd expect.
So bought these headphones without looking at reviews thought they be good cause the wire ones are amazing but not wireless DO NOT GET IF YOU PLAN TO TALK ON THEM with that being said they are ok for music not too far from the wire ones but still wouldn't recommend them cause I need headphones that are at least ok to talk in too
The neckband is heavy enough to not pose a major problem but use a bench for anything at the gym, and game over. It won't stay in your ears. All I hear is bass. Mid and high frequencies are weak and poorly represented.
I wanted retractable ear buds, it wasn't stated clearly on the package
I love the feel of the earplugs. However, I am not able to get it to work. Waiting on a friend to help me. Since it is a Sony, I'm sure it will be great.
The ear piece dangle and get caught onto everything
Don't know if the person like it since I haven't asked him.
The earphones is great however I keep dropping it while using it and it slides around my neck. I ended up losing this pair.
Once you take them off charge them because they die quickly. Paid 70 I think I could of got a better pair for a bit less .
You can hear well but calls drop in between words. Etc etc.
I bought these for using it while running. They are not at all good to hold up. Would slip away all the time.. as I speed up. And mic sound quality as per my friends wasn't good. Over all for listening music it's ok.But apart from that not good at all
It's doesn't stay in place. It's always falling off my neck. And the cords are to long. Should've taken it back.
Get sound, loved them but after 2 months they wouldn't charge.
These headphones have incredible sound quality. I wish that the overall design was beter though out. I used them while commuting on my bike. The floppy silicone neck band swung like pendulums. The motion caused the wires to hit me jacket and transmitted the sound of the impacts with my jacket tonthe ear buds. The controls were extremely difficult to find and even harder to identify as to their function. Using the controls with gloves were impossible.
no noise cancelation so this items will not helpme
The wireless headphones sounded good, but when I went to play basketball in them the bulkyness of the neck part kept making them slide off making the buds to come out.
Way too quiet... sound quality not good. Wouldn't stay tight when fastened either.
Has been quite erratic as it switches on and off every now and then. I unpaired it from my Iphone and cannot pair it back again. Not worth the price.
I was shocked at the reviews the bass on the headphones sucked . I returned them within min of purchase
Not good for running. They flop around everywhere. And working out they don't stay on your neck.
i would say these headphones are comfy to wear and the sound quality is nice. but the battery on it and the mic is very bad and people wont hear your voice when you call them. i had to return it.
This movie was sort of a let down. My 7 year was uninterested after the first 15 minutes.
The story was pretty dumb but your kids will probably like it.
A weak kids movie with excellent audio/video presentation.
Cute in theory but this cartoon really drags on. This movie is probably a better one to rent than own because I'm not sure it is entertaining enough to watch more than once.
I bought this movie for the grandkids and they did not like it at all
i had hi hopes for this movie but was let down. rent it instead if you really want to watch it.
Not the best children's movie that I have seen. My son watched it but he been entertained more by many other movies!
"Storks" was a film that tried to deliver a simple concept, but it fails due to characters that are unlikable. Some of it is still enjoyable, and has heart value. The jokes really fall flat at times, and it just gives you a silence look at the screen. Pigeon Toady was annoying!
The movie is for children. It did not hold my attention. My grand loved it. Hope my daughter can explain where babies really come from!
An orphaned girl living at the stork factory who just turned 18 accidentally creates a baby that she and a stork must secretly deliver to a family without anyone else at the factory knowing about it. ummmm.... maybe it's just me, but the undertones of the story line kind of weirded me out, and I did not like this movie at all. It was a little bit creepy in a way, and I really didn't find any of the characters in the movie very appealing. There were a few parts that were funny, though.
I gave Storks 2 stars which was on the high side. I don't like political correctness in children's movies and I did see that in this move. Disappointed!!
Storks was a ok movie glad I watched on blu ray and not in theaters.
I usually love Kiss Products but I received these in my Spring Fling VoxBox from Influenster to try for free and they barely stayed on my nails for 2 days. I'd like to add in here I do my nails all the time and my other brands stay on for much longer and I have far less issues with bubbles in the glue. It was a disaster. I would not buy these ever again. Sorry Kiss, your other products are super awesome!
They look good and are easy to apply but they keep popping off. In less than four days I have lost three nails.
These are very pretty and look like they're professionally done, but they do not stay on. I put mine on to go to a formal occasion, and three of them just popped right off without me noticing only a few hours after I'd put them on. I replaced the ones that came off with the size that didn't really fit but only because I needed my nails to match, and wouldn't you know, even with EXTRA glue they came off. I ended up just pulling them all off after two days and they came off far too easily.
I received this package of nails to review from Influenster. I was happy to receive them because I love the look of short nails, and I love white tips. However, when I tried to apply them, the glue didn't keep the nails on my own nails. They aren't for me, but maybe they would work for others.
This product is okay.
I'm not a big fan of fake nails from the store. When I received these to test, I was not excited. But, I decided to try them out anyway. Within 30 mins some of the nails fell off.
Unfortunately, I do not like store bought fake nails just because they do not last long. These nails were no exception, they lasted one day on my fingers. However, they were easy to apply and they were comfortable. I just would not purchase these besides I feel fake nails are so bad for your real nails.
I received these nails from Influenster in the Spring Fling Vox Box. As with all the items Influenster sends out, these nails were free for the purpose of being reviewed. I tried to fit them to my nails to put them on but they didn't fit my nail curve. I was disappointed to say the least...
I think this product is really pretty, I love the length and the color of it. But that's about where it stops for me. Now, I'm not an artificial nail kind of person, not even from salons, but I thought I'd give it a shot and try it. I had a hard time not getting nail glue all over my fingers, even with the Self-Tabs on it, and once they were finally on and securely glued, I had a hard time keeping them on. Within the first 2 days, I had to glue 3 different nails back on, and after the 3rd day of having 3 different nails pop off, I finally decided to just take them all off. I'd suggest if using them, have someone else help you put them on. And I also suggest, even though the box says 7 days of normal day wear, to only expect a day or two out of them. (I received this product complimentary for testing purposes.)
I wish I loved this product. I really do. I loved the look and the feel of the French Nails sooooo much. However, they did not stay on for me. Within the first day they started coming off. I tried re-gluing them but eventually they all came off that day. I was very disappointed in the product. I have seen many good reviews however, and wonder if I didn't just get a bad batch of glue. I don't think I'd recommend them yet until I tried them again to see if I would have the same problem.
I received these nails from Influenster in the Spring Fling Vox Box for free to review. The nails were easy to apply and look great...except that they are too short for me. Even with my nails cut filed as short as possible, they weren't long enough to completely cover my natural nails :( I had some trouble with the glue bubbling under the nail, but I suppose this would be better with more experience. The really are beautiful...just too short for me.
These look great when they are done.As you wear them wash your hands they come off. I made it almost one day that's due to I put them on at night.As soon as I started washing my hands doing dishes the glue just didnt work. I mean they are only 6 you get what you pay for. I love the color the little tip in holder worked good. *Review for Influenster test Product*
I purchased this product at my local big box store because it no longer carries Opti-Free Express. I figured that this product would be comparable since it is from the same company. Not so! Replenish is missing something major that Express has in it which allows it to provide a comfort so great, it is like I'm not wearing any contacts at all. Replenish made my eyes dry and they were really uncomfortable by the end of the day. I also tried Pure Moist and I must say it is a substantially better alternative to Replenish. I will stick to Pure Moist for future purchases.
Shipping time was rather lengthy and therefore I had to order from a different supplier which I received in 3 days and the cost price was way better than this one. Truth be told, IF I'd seen the other before this then I wouldn't order this but life goes on. You win and you lose. In this case, I lost.
Well the box was damaged and all destroyed
There are better products available than this. Compared with Biotrue, comfort is about the same, but Biotrue gets the lenses cleaner. Also, Biotrue has a better closure--this one seems like it will break over time if you are not extremely careful.
I ordered the Alcon lasting comfort (no rub formula). I normally use this product and enjoy the contact wearability and the convenience of not having to rub my contacts each night. However, I received the Alcon everyday comfort, which is a rubbing formula. I don't like this formula. I contacted Walmart about this and they responded promptly by sending out the correct item. However, I received the same wrong item! I don't think they carry the no rub formula, or they are not aware of the differences. Just an FYI for anyone who orders this product expecting it to be the no rub formula. :(
Been using express for many years. Super bummed they discontinued the no rub. I couldn't figure out why my contacts seemed so cloudy and then realized the new look no longer stated NO RUB. I also notice by 10 pm my eyes are so dry, very painful. With the old formula my contacts stayed moist until I chose to take them out. The box only stated new look, but this is NOT THE SAME. Must have more of this and less of that or vice versa! I have tried the pure moist and all the other and all dry my eyes out. Unfortunately, I have to move on to a new brand! Must have been cheaper for them to make!
The product came in a huge box with lots of bubble wrap but it looks like they just shoved it into the box. Even with all of the bubble wrap, the item was destroyed
I read through the reviews on here before looking in to buying one of the couples lubricants, and was ultimately disappointed that it didn't even live up to the reviews I had read. For starters, neither my boyfriend nor I could notice any sort of enhanced or 'captivating' sensation. What we did notice, however, was the messy consistency that was reminiscent of a more liquid-y vaseline. It was difficult to clean up, and was not a pleasant, especially since it lacked the 'captivating' sensation we had both been expecting. I'm disappointed that I paid as much as I did for a lube that I won't use again, when I could just use their normal personal lubricant for 1) less money and 2) less mess.
My husband bought this gel for us. The gel caused irritation and it felt like it was burning my skin. I wouldn't recommend this gel.
My boyfriend and I bought this to spice things up in the bedroom and we were both highly disappointed in this product. We bought this one because we absolutely love the ky yours and mine and we thought this would have a similar affect but it did absolutely nothing. Do not buy.
Bought this earlier today and was excited to check it out. Based on the product description I was expecting something but it was just like the regular KY. We are fans of the his and hers so we just expected more and were left a little disappointed.
I bought this product for my husband and I to try and we were not impressed at all. There was no tingling or warming. It left us both very sticky. I have used KY products in the past (loved KY his and hers) but this one was disappointing.
My husband and I bought this for some extra fun. We werevboth extremely disappointed. Especially for the price! Do not waste your money on this product. We felt nothing but a sticky mess from it.
Got as a surprise for my husband there is nothing special about it just a lube save the money and get plain KY if you just need a lube wish I could return it for a refund
tried it with my husband and felt no different there was no effect no change first te using ky gel not sure if i want to try any others...
Purchased this thinking it would have some sort of warming effect but it's the same as the original. Don't waste your money.
Bought this to enhance our time a bit, did abslutely nothing very disappointed especially because its almost 20!
I bought this after really liking the his n hers variety but this is nothing like that very disappointed with this product.
First time purchase of this type of product. Maybe I expected too much. Did not think there was any warming feeling at all. Left us sticky! Even after trying to was it off.
I bought this and tried this with my wife but we did not enjoy it ..we did not feel anything enhancement with this product at all such as the his-her product.
I bought this product to spice things up with my fianc and it didn't do anything! No passion. Will not buy again
I bought this to try to spice things up, but I felt nothing. Very disappointing to be honest.
I WON'T recommend this product to anyone
My 8 month old baby got extremely irritated from this product after using for less than a week. I would like to get my money back.
This cream did not do much for my face or throat area. I have gone back to my generic brand, it works better and is not as expensive. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used (and loved) this product for several years until they changed it. It used to moisturize my skin and left it feeling soft. Now, it sits on top of my skin and is never absorbed. It just leaves a slimy film on my skin. I will no longer purchase this product.
I have been using Oil of Olay for over 20 years. This product worked so well for me, but the new formula is HORRIBLE! I cannot find anything to work for my skin like it did! The smell is flowery and it is too thick. The old formula was so light
I am so disappointed! I have used this product for years because of it's soft smell and great results. The new formula feels greasy, smells awful and I don't feel like my skin looks as toned and wrinkle free anymore. This was a five star product for so many years...why change it Please bring back the old formula.
I've been using this product for years and it was terrific. This improved formula is terrible. It doesn't have the hydrating power it had -- it's much thinner and stickier. Heaven help you if you get some on your lips - it tastes terrible! PLEASE dump this improved formula. Until then, I'm shopping for a new moisturizer... alas
It took me so long to find a moisturizer that worked well for me and I loved this product. However, this new formula has a smell that is too strong for me and feels very greasy once applied. Unfortunately I will no longer be purchasing this product and will have to search again for another moisturizer. Please Olay, bring back your old formula. It was so much better.
Used to swear by this product as my daily moisturizer. I loved it because it felt thick and creamy and did a great job without being greasy or feeling heavy. However, just bought the first container of the new formula. It's terrible! It leaves a greasy feel that does not go away and makes it impossible to apply makeup, even 10 minutes after. Your skin just feels slimy to the touch, slippery. And the scent is way stronger. Please, OLAY, give us our old formula back!! I'll be purchasing something else.
Olay don't work for me I have overly dry skin. I haven't found anything to work on my skin. So I'm hoping to be able to find something that will work. But I'm affrid I won't be able to find anything to help my skin not be so dry. It gets so bad the I dig at my legs all the time.
I used it for several days in a row and I felt like I was wearing a mask. And my skin felt unnatural and dry under it. My skin felt coated instead of hydrated. I will not purchased this product again.
I buy Olay Regenerist all the time from CVS and Rite Aid. This time around I purchased it from Wal Mart's online store, and when I received it, the formula was slightly different. The lotion smells like the cheaper products Olay makes. I am very disappointed and will not order from Walmart online again.
my mother and i have vowed by this product for years and years... when i first started paying attention to skincare, she gave me a bottle of olay regenerist and it's all i've ever needed ... the only thing that works (and i have spent so much money exploring more high-end brands)! so you can understand why i'm upset that the formula was tampered with... this new and improved cream smells awful (the scent is way too strong), it appears that they've watered it down, it's mushy on my face and if i touch my face at any point during the day, it starts peeling off... it's greasy and does not work well under makeup at all! my mom and i are now forced to look for a whole new line of products when we've stayed with olay for our whole lives. sad, sad, sad. BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA!
Leaves windows with streaks, although it does seem to work OK on other surfaces.
it leaves streaks bad . i used windsheild washer fluid in spray bottle to clean off windex. now clean!
Very disappointed in this product. It leaves all kinds of streaks no matter how many times you wash your windows. A 50/50 mixture of white vinegar and water is much better.
Windex used to be good years ago. Since they reformulated it, I will no longer buy it. It leaves a terrible film.
Having used Windex for years , I noticed in the last year or so, a VERY different result when I clean my windows. I have had to go over them 2-3 times and still they have a streaky film not seen before. What's going on I have now resorted to light soap with a lemon water rinse and my windows sparkle. You have lost a very loyal customer and I am not alone, though I can now spend that money on lemons !
Despite the long reputation this product has had as a top glass cleaner, it no longer gets the job done. Too often I find streaks and smudges appear on the mirrors within hours of cleaning. It doesn't matter if I use a paper towel, newspaper, or lint-free cloth. Windex's 'streak-free shine' is a false advertisement if you ask me. This is no longer my choice glass cleaner.
I have used windex for many years (only because my family introduced me to the product) and always been unhappy with the film/streaks it leaves on the glass. I have to go back over it several times and i still can't get rid of the film/streaks. I use paper towels and even with cloth, streaks of film are left. I'm testing other products in order to find something better.
Why did they change the formula it's awful . I tried using this on my car windshield the other day and all it did was leave an oily film that smudges really bad also tried it on the bathroom mirror same results. guess it's time to go back to basics of vinegar and water. I've used windex for over forty years never had a problem with streaks or smudges.
I have yet to buy a glass cleaner that doesn't leave streaks and this one failed also. I have switched to plain water in a spray bottle for my mirrors and it is amazing how they shine. Try it. Better for the environment too.
Windex used to be good years ago, the last couple of years it is terrible. After cleaning window three times there is still a film everywhere, looks terrible when the sun light shines on it. Will not be buying anymore.
I've used Windex for 30 years and not sure what has changed but no doubt something to cut costs, increase profits. Definitely not the original cleaner. This product no longer works. Leaves streaks and film and no matter how much you apply or repeat clean, seems to only get worse! Finally used water which worked better. So frustrating.
I have used Windex for 30 years and now I am at a loss. In the last month I have been trying to use it on glass and it did nothing but leave streaks no matter what paper towel I used. I am very disappointed that they have taken a standard and ruined it. I will be changing products. Have no choice.
I have used Windex original for over 50 years and have always loved it. Now I clean windows, mirrors and glass topped tables and have nothing but streaks. I thought it was my cloth so changed it to everyone available plus paper towels and still streaks. What did you do to my favorite glass cleaner
I used all windex products for years. Now all the cleaners , not just windex, leave a smeary residue. I have tried newspaper, unprint newspaper for packing and many types of cleaning cloths, as well as paper towels. I noticed this happening about 2 years ago. What has happened to the formula.
Have tried windex with a squeegee, microfiber cloth, newsprint, two different types of paper towel. No matter what I do, how many times I wash it, there are always gross streaks. In fact, it seems like every time I apply windex, the streaks get worse. I'm looking for another window cleaner.
Washed my car windows 4 times using different paper towels and lint free cloths. Could not get the windows clean. Ended up using ammonia and water and got most of the streaks off on the fifth time! I used Windex Complete and will never use it again. Streaked the bathroom mirrors too.
This is the most useless product that Johnson Company ever produced. My dog licking on the surfaces will get things cleaner. Not only will it not clean, it streaks and does not clean at all. It is the biggest mistake that I have ever purchased.
Cleaned my car, wash windows and then sprayed with windex not once three times streak streak streak then I had to rewash with vinegar to get the windex off . And no my car was not that dirty I was it once a week but ran out of my other window cleaner I won't do that again.
I've used Windex all my life and while it's not streak-free, it did an adequate job. But lately, my windows are covered with a white haze in blotches. I have to go back over and over to get them clean. This is not the original Windex - what have you done to it
Windex used to be the best but whatever they have done to the formula has now made it horrible. It leaves a film on all the windows, mirrors, and glass table tops. What happened Waste of my money. Will not buy and do not recommend.
I have been using the Windex/Multisurface with vinegar for years and have always had very good results. I went looking for another bottle when I ran out and noticed that the packaging has changed. I purchased a bottle and also noticed another thing, the quality has changed as well. When I used it on my mirrors they were all smudged. I did not get that usual streak free shine that I usually get with this particular product. I have enjoyed using your Windex/Multisurface, vinegar product in the past and have always passed over the less expensive brands to purchase this particular product because I knew it's quality. If this is the product that you will be producing, I will no longer be a consumer. I understand that you have to find ways to keep things cost effective for your company as well as the consumers,but please maintain your quality.
I've used this product for many years and was very happy with it. But in the last year I find it streaks and leaves a dull finish. At first I thought maybe it had froze during shipment, but then I repurchased it several times and it still not the same has it use to be. AND don't tell me I'm using it wrong or it's the operator because it is NOT. I've also read the reviews and I'm not the only one complaining about this product. I gave it a very low rating because I KNOW it use to be a good product. Something has changed whether it's the way it's produced or the ingredients. But I will not be purchasing any more of this. I can do better with vinegar and water and it's not has costly and I don't have to waste time trying to get it to not streak or dull up within a day or two..
I remember years ago that Windex used to be the go to product for clean car windows. Spray it on and wipe it off with no streaks. Not anymore. I don't know what you changed but I spent 15 minutes trying to clean my car windows and they are still streaked. It is so bad that I have to be careful driving tonight because the streaking causes so much glare. I will find something else tomorrow. You need to go back to the formula you had 25 years ago which worked as well as your commercials state now. I have tried some of the other Windex products and they are worse. Forget profits for once and make a quality product again!
I used Windex Original on my glass top kitchen table and all I could see was a smeary haze. I tried it two more times and it was still hazy. The forth time instead of a paper towel I used a clean cotton dish rag - still smears. I had been cleaning both top and undersides of the table. When I tried windex on a nearby window, it seemed to work fine. I wonder if the previous cleaner had left a residual My husband who has more muscle is going to reclean the glass top bottom. If microfiber cloth is required,you should put that on the label. I clean my table 3 or 4 times a day - I NEED SOMETHING THAT WORKS.
This product is no where near working successfully in cleaning windows. To my disappointment the home remedies that I had used before trying this worked 100 better. No matter how I approach the cleaning, it just leaves streaks and film. In years past Windex was used and it seemed to have worked better than the current bottle. Biggest disappointment is that I just bought a one gallon refill!
We have been using Windex for years and re-selling it in our store. Inn the past 6 months though we have found that cleaning a window with new paper towels and this product leave a translucent film that makes it look like the window hasn't been cleaned in years. I have personally used it from different bottles and had the same lousy results. It is like there is no ammonia at all in the product and it can no longer cut through whatever is on the windows. We heat with propane during the winter and that may have put the film on the windows but they used to come clean with Windex easily. Now they look worse than when I started!
I just tried to clean normal interior film off the windshield of my wife's car. The result was some residual film after I tried to use this product twice. Based upon recent experience with Windex Original on other cars I own with the same poor results, I'm done using this product. This has been my go-to for years, but I give up! I don't care about cost, I'll find something that works the way Windex did in the past and I'll buy it.
I have been using Windex original consistently for the past 40 years. It did provide the performance I came to expect and rely on up until the past year or two. It now serves as nothing but frustration as it does not produce a streak free finish on glass or mirrors anymore. It seems to have lost its grease cutting ability and just provides endless streaking. I will be seeking other alternatives.
I have now purchased two different 23 oz bottles of the Windex Orignial within 4 weeks of each other. The spray trigger broke off on the first bottle after about 4 uses. I still had 80 of the bottle left. So I went and purchased a second 23 oz bottle with the intentions of switching out the tops so that I could use the rest of the first bottle. After one use (cleaned 4 windows and a mirrow) the trigger from the second bottle broke too. Now I am stuck with two almost completely full bottles of windex and no way to clean. I will be looking for a new brand...
We've stuck to the Original for decades after something that was either called dripless or streak free left streaks. NOW, our bottle of Original Streak Free Shine with Ammonia-D left disheartening streaks on our glass coffe table and glass dining table. I finally got the streaks off by wiping carefully with water and removing the water beads carefully - making quite a task for me. - QUESTION: is what we bought truly the ORIGINAL or is it the original streak free Otherwise, why are we getting streaks
I have used Windex for years, always wondering why I kept using it. I have never had a streak-free window, even after going over it multiple times. I have tried newspaper, paper towels, cloths, everything I can think of and still it leaves streaks. I just started cleaning my windows again. They are heavy to lift out. I cleaned my first window, checked again and cleaned again before putting it back in, Out comes the sun and shows up all the streaks. I guess I would rather have dirt windows, Never again will I use Windex!
Like many others I have been using Windex for years and have been happy with it. Recently, however, it seems to be leaving a streaky film. I use the same kind of lint free cloth as ever so I can only conclude the formula has changed. I note that others are reporting the same problem with the film. Has the formula changed
I have used Windex for over 35 years and have been happy for most of that time. While I don't know what changes Windex has recently made, I am severely, repeat severely, disappointed in Windex product offerings (including Windex Original and other newer versions of Windex). I am so disappointed that I have recently been making my own solution. It works significantly better than Windex. While I know you want to maximize profits, you should be able to make make a product that works.
What happened to Windex I could work on my window for an hour still not get it clean. There's a film on the window you can see every swipe I made with the paper towel trying to clean the window. Back forth I went, inside then outside the window, over over again still it's streaky filmy. What's so annoying now is that it's on my windshield I have to look thru the streaks every time I drive. Does anyone know another product that works
I am 67 years old and windex is what I have always used as did my mother. I was so disappointed with the original windex. It left cloudy windows and did not smell like the original. I thought maybe you had changed the formula. I have since found that other woman have the same issues of cloudy windows. Was there an issue or is this what the product will continue to be I do not want to say goodbye. Thank you
I have many glass surfaces in my home and windex is a regular on my shopping list. The last bottle I purchased must be a different formula. Everything I use it on is a streaky mess. I actually made a quick store run to buy a different product when a friend text that she was stopping by. If the quality of this Johnson family product isn't restored they should discontinue it. Who has time for cleaning products that cause extra work!
For year I used Windex and was satisfied. It performed no miracles but did an adequate job of cleaning glass tops and mirrors. In the past few years it does nothing but smudge anything I use it on. Today I used it on my Porsche windshield. What was I thinking Anything I put Windex on creates horrible smudges. It looks like the surface is oily. I have tried paper towels, micro fiber, newspaper and always the same awful result.
I have used Windex in the original formula for many years. Always worked great. Now all I can find is Windex Complete. Aptly named, it is a complete failure. Does not clean car windows, nor other glass well. Leaves streaks that can only be minimised by immediately wiping with a dry paper towel, and even then cot completely. Give me back my original formula. I am currently searching for another product I am so disappointed.
Lots of people have posed that same question in their reviews. Is there no answer forthcoming I've used Windex for years and never had such a problem with streaky windows as I do now. I cleaned one window 3 times today with poor results. Did you change the formula If so, I suggest you listen to your loyal customers and change it back PDQ!
Used to work great, but now it's the worst product.
I have now purchased two different 23 oz bottles of the Windex Orignial within 4 weeks of each other. The spray trigger broke off on the first bottle after about 4 uses. I still had 80 of the bottle left. So I went and purchased a second 23 oz bottle with the intentions of switching out the tops so that I could use the rest of the first bottle. After one use (cleaned 4 windows and a mirrow) the trigger from the second bottle broke too. Now I am stuck with two almost completely full bottles of windex and no way to clean. I will be looking for a new brand...
Twice now ever since they introduced the new sprayer bottle, after the very first couple quick squeezes the new flimsy squeezer snaps off, rendering the bottle useless.. these used to last forever and we would just buy bulk refills... is this some idea from some new guy hired to save money idea to make hem break easier so you buy more, oris it just shoddy design I've purchased a noname glass cleaner sprayer (it was cheaper than buying a new empty sprayer bottle) and will refill with windex left overs, then continue buying no name glass cleaner.... who cares how good it cleans if the sprayer breaks instantly... i am sure some new marketing guy got a bonus and a pat on the back for saving a few cents on a inferior spray nozzle
I have been a faithful Windex user for over 40 years ... but the last couple of years I've noticed more and more that it does not clean like it used to. My mirrors were always sparkling clean, but now I have a film and streaks that will not come off. I even went back over them with a clean dry paper towel and there were faint blue smudges on the paper towel. That tells me that Windex is leaving a residue on the glass ... which leads to streaks .... which is frustrating. Recently remodeled the bathroom and we have lots of mirrors, but now they are a hot mess. Will be trying new cleaners - or using vinegar and water.
This stuff is the worst thing I have ever bought!!!!! My glass is worse now than when I started.
Not sure what has happen to this Product, Leaves a scummy residue after glass has bee wiped.
I have to agree with Mel. Used to be a great product. I am curious as to what the changes were that SC Johnson made to the product, that Heather refers to.
What the heck is going on with your product The Windex it self is good but the trigger keeps breaking off. I have broken 3 red plastic triggers in the same week. Not impressed.
30years of using windex and the last few purchases it seems as if it is watered down....something is different in the formula. The discount brands work far better...what happened
It does not work. the code is 19800702984 I have cleaned multiple time and got the same bad results.
New cap design - How tdo you put it in spray mode There are no mode indicators on the nozzle.
Buyer beware, these taste like 55, nothing even close to what I was expecting.
I have very oily, fine hair and this shampoo just made my hair look dirtier than before washing it. My hair was greasy and heavy. I thought maybe I just didn't rinse well enough so I gave it another try a few days later but had the same results. I can say that it smelled good!
I've used your volume product for years but all of the sudden you removed the 2-in-1 so I switched to this and the conditioner then you changed the shampoo and the conditioner (which wasn't nearly as good as the 2-in-1 but was better than nothing) ! I loved your product but now I have to find another unfortunately nothing you offer compares to the quality you used to have! Why would you change such a great product! I wish you'd bring back the 2-in-1! For me being a man with baby fine hair it was the only product on the market that didn't cause me to lose hair or dry it out and didn't have an over powering feminine scent! I really wish you'd stop messing with good things!
I have been using aussome volume for over 10 years except it used to be called real volume. I would really like to know if you changed the formula for it. The last 6 or so months I've been having scalp problems with sores and my hair falling out. The last couple of bottles I purchased have had a much stronger smell to it and it is drying my hair and scalp out really bad. It never used to do this. It always made my hair really thicker looking and just really nice. Hardly ever had to use conditioner. Please if you could let me know about that I would really appreciate it. I haven't ever thought about switching from Aussie but now I think I have too.
i tried this hoping it would give great results. it was the opposite effect. my hair became limp, flat, and greasy not to mention it felt grimy and dirty. i usually like these products but was diappointed. sorry aussie:(
IT LEAVES MY HAIR AND SCALP DRIED OUT. IT DOES PROVIDE ANY VOLUME.
You changed the smell! The bottle I just used up says the scent is white ginger, the new one says it's jojoba, but it smells like cherries or something. Why in the world have you changed the formula! I've used this for over 10 years, and the smell was always the same, even if the formula was changed. I miss the old smell, it was my favorite. Now I have to find another shampoo with a mild scent that I like. Rude.
The scent is too strong, it burns your eyes, and leaves your hair very dry. Avoid it. When it comes to shampoo and conditioner you really get what you pay for.
I scream when I look into the Mirror now. This product rashes up my face and neck. I itch non-stop for days. My cheeks were red and bumpy.
The product is OK, the scent is barely noticeable. Overpriced
I used this on my 2 boys on the 4th of July, ages 5 9. We have a huge block party with water balloons, swimming, playing in sprinklers. The boys were in their suits all day i re-applied several times through out the day, each time I put it on the boys, they were wet. Well at the end of the day, they were also very burned! I used a coppertone on my daughter and she did not get burned at all. I have been telling all my friends NOT to buy this I would never buy it again.
I have used this sunscreen twice. The first time I got burned, but had been in the water so I thought it was because of that. Today my husband and I both used it, and we are so burned! We were outside for a couple hours and did not get wet at all. I applied it 20 minutes before we went outside and rubbed it in. My husband only used it on part of his body and those parts were just as burned as the areas he did not use it on. I definitely DO NOT recommend this product!!!
After applying as directed, we went swimming and then reapplied after an hour. We burned in that one hour! Not only that, but our skin is a rusty orange color! It looks like we sprayed ourselves with a cheap self tan. We have used the regular Neutrogena Sun Block spray and this did not happen. Went for the wet skin bottle this time and it didn't work for us.
After 1 day of use, I developed a red itchy rash on all areas that were sprayed.
I am very fair and burn easily in the sun. I was excited to try this product after reading some reviews. I have tried this lotion several times, thinking I was applying it wrong or something. Everytime I use it, It leaves blotches, especially on my arms and chest no matter how much I tried to rub it in evenly. It also took too long to completely dry. If it is not completely dry, you will have lighter spots where your clothes rub your skin or where your arms bend and such. I just cannot stand still for 30 minutes to an hour for the lotion to dry, not touching anything! The color looked pretty orange. It also had a very bad smell after it was left on for a few hours. Also, it washes right off in the shower so don't even think about taking a bath with this because you will be bathing in orange water. The only thing I do like about the lotion is that it gives you color right away and becomes darker over time, but it'd be better if the color wasn't orange. I absolutely HATE this product and I do not recommend it to anyone, especially fair skinned people.
I was excited to get this sunless lotion cause it didn't have a lot of bad reviews. As soon as I read them I rushed off to Wal-Mart to get it. I got home and read the directions twice before I applied it. I started from bottom to top of my body and got my husband to help with my back just to insure no streaks. As soon as I put it on I was getting the color. And the smell wasn't bad at all. It says to dry completely before you put your clothes back on and to wait 2-3 hours before you get your final color. The 3rd hour came and gone and I could barely tell any difference at all. So I decided to sleep with it on. Got up the next morning and took a shower. The water was Orange and it was so greasy. Took forever for that part to go away. When I got out I looked at my toes and streaks everywhere! I rubbed it off with the towel thinking Itwouldn't come off and I was about to be stuck with orange streaked toes. It came right off. I looked it the mirror to see what my body looked like and OMG orange and streaks all over!!!!! If I could put a pic. on here and show you I would. white spots everywhere. I would not use this again and would not want my friends to look like this.
I've been using this product for about a month and have seen no color change. I would like my money back.
This is a very fast-acting lotion, I'll give it that. My problem is that after using it for about a week (like it says on the bottle), I turned a color that was more of a yellow/orange than anything else. Run away!!!!!!!
Have used Summer Color light/medium on my legs according to directions nearly every day for over a month. There has been absolutely no color change. I've had success with other sunless tanning products. Going back to them.
I'm very pale and I didn't want to look like Casper during the summer so I got on here and looked at the reviews for this and they were all good so I bought it. It does work. I used it 3 days in arow once a day just so I could get to the color I wanted all over my body. After the third day I stopped and the second day after I stopped putting it on my hands, feet, chest, and arms got blochy. So I had unsightly pale spots and then really tan spots all over so I decided to use it again. When I put it on and waited for three hours for it to set and get it's color I turned orange! So not only did I have spots I was orange! So if you don't put it on everyday you get spots but if you do put it on everyday you turn orange, I hate this product. And that's not the only thing, if you don't use this in large amounts you will get streaks. Since the bottle is so small and I use it for my whole body I only got 6 uses out of it. If you're pale like me I wouldn't recommend this product at all!
It made a lot of my hair fall out and now instead of sleek my hair looks oily. I absolutely love other Suave products but this one just didn't cut it.
Poor, I think there might be a bad batch out there. Product loses it's viscosity after a few weeks, becoming a watery mess
I want a shampoo that will make my curly hair come back to life.
Hi i love this line used since high school. I just bought a new set and it smells different. Should I be concerned or was their a change in suave sleek
I used to love the sleek and shine shampoo and conditioner but the last few time I bought it it smelled like I was putting developer in my hair ... Super strong smell of chemical I thought maybe I got a bad batch but the last two bottles I've bought have that scent of chemical to it .... Very disappointed
I was excited to purchase this specific formula from Suave since I've always had problems with frizz and unruly hair. After using it the first time, it left a horrible waxy build up and my hair was dull. I changed the amounts of shampoo and conditioner but hair kept coming out the same. Love the scent but hated the way it left my hair. I'm rather disappointed. :(
The shampoo did not smell quite as bad as the conditioner. The conditioner smells like tire cleaner. I had a friend smell them and she was disgusted too. The package was in plastic wrap so I could not smell before I purchased. My hair fell out too. Very disappointed.
I had been using this product off and on for a couple of years and I really loved it. Loved the way it smelled and the way my hair felt. A few months ago I bought it again. This time after the first 2-3 days my scalp became dry and itchy. It was so itchy that I just wanted to scrape my scalp right off. Caused sores on my head that were also very itchy. I began to notice my hairbrush filling up with hair. Was cleaning out every week because my hair was falling out. I thought I had just become allergic to the shampoo and conditioner so I gave it to my daughter. Her and her boyfriend began to use it and their scalps became dry and severely itchy. Suave must have changed the formula. They need to pull this product off the shelves and revamp it. Maybe before selling it again the head honchos should taker it home and use it themselves as well as their families. Then they might be more careful about what they are putting on the shelves for the consumer. Please beware if you use this your head will itch like you have never felt an itch before.
I bought this product and at first i was content with the product. My hair felt clean and fresh but after a few uses i noticed my scalp getting dry and itchy. When i looked at the roots of my hair i noticed the product was burning my scalp and it was peeling!!!.. i stopped using this product and went back to using head and shoulders which i should have never left to try Suave. My scalp is now healing since i moved back. Never again will i use this product that is too harsh.
I have to say, Suave Professionals Sleek Conditioner for dry or frizzy was the best conditioner I've ever had. It was super affordable and everyone says I smell nice (which is pretty creepy) But, these past 2 days, I noticed something different. The color was different, it felt different, it smelled different, and it wasn't working anymore. I even thought someone was pranking me. So, I decided to search up the old ingredients and compare it to the current conditioner I have. The formula was different. Who ever is responsible for changing the ingredients, PLEASE CHANGE IT BACK! . I really don't want to find a new conditioner because it's so much work. I will change my review to an positive as long as someone does something about the formula.
My daughter has soft 3b to 3c curls. This product dried her hair so bad that it matted and it took days of oil treatments to get it back to close to normal. My youngest girl had softer wavy hair and this dried her ends. It split them. After the conditioner was rinsed out her ends looked horrible. I came to suave.com for more info and help getting my money back. But I kept getting directed to the home page. I love most Suave products, but this one was a sure miss for us.
Bought the sleek shampoo and conditioner. Opened them this evening to wash my daughters hair and it was as though someone has dumped them BOTH out and filled with water! Highly dissatisfied with these products!
Texture not quite what I've had in other brands. Used it on top of a salad. Slightly fishy smell. Yes it's white tuna. Just not the best part of the fish. I would not use it for tuna salad sandwiches. Probably be okay in a casserole or cooked dish.
I've had premium tuna in a can and this was not even close.
This shelf made of cardboard. The assemble system is just double stick tape, It should not be more than { $ }dollars. it Just looks so cheap.
I got this for my 1 year old daughters room to place fabric bins in. When I recived it the backing was cardboard and the shelves are held together by 3m tape and cardboard pegs. Very cheap looking. I paid way to much for the quality of product. Product is not very sturdy. Very poor prooduct.
The major connections are made with double stick tape. There are no screws to hold the components together. I will be returning this purchase.
I was not impressed with this product at all, could of used the shampoo and gotten the same results. I was anticipating a prominent original carrot smell and it was lacking. Nourishing I think not!
I am pretty disappointed with this body wash. It does not lather well and does not leave the skin feeling clean. I also don't like the smell. I have to use a lot of the wash to get a good lather. Will not buy gain.
Movie is fine... But does not include Ultraviolet. Called customer service and I now have to wait for BB to reorder the dvd and I then have to go to UPS to return this copy. This $5 dvd is more like $20-$30 with the additional time I have had to waste and a trip to UPS. Not a good start to holiday shopping.
IT WAS SUPPOSE TO BE A 2DISC ITEM,,,THERE WAS ONLY ONE DISC IN THE CASE,AND THE CASE ONLY HAD A SPOT FOR ONE DVD.NOT 2! SO THEY COULD NOT HAVE PUT 2 DVD S IN THERE IF THEY WANTED TO! POOR MARKETING,EVEN MY RECEIPT SAID 2 DISC.SO I HAD TO WASTE MY GAS TO DRIVE BACK TO THE STORE TO RETURN IT TO GET THE SAME THING THAT ACTUALLY HAD 2 DISCS IN IT.THE ONE I PURCHASED WAS AT THE POTTSTOWN PA. STORE ,,MARYLAND EXCHANGED IT FOR ME!!!!
Did not like this movie. Wasted my money on this Blu Ray DVD set. Would not recommend this movie even if you are a true Johnny Depp fan.
The preview leads you to believe it's a comedy. With Johnny Depp, I believed it would be good. About half way through, I realized it was not going to get funny. Every humorous scene was in the previews. I gave the disk to my daughter, and told her she could keep it........ she returned it to me the next day, and told me she didn't want it.
Sorry but..... This movie is really bad from beginning to end. Bought it because I love Johnny Depp, but this is a total waste of $$ and time.
dont waste your time was more fun looking out the window watching leaves fall from the tree and have a trash can near you to through up in.
This is a real guilty pleasure.An inept, stagy,artificial production with a condescending take on youth culture. Made in the waning years of Eivis's popularity by studio hacks, it is a real mess. For a movie about water sports, skiing,speed boat racing,the only water is rear screen projected or thrown in Presley's face when he's pretending to ski or pilot a boat. Now this may appear like I'm slagging the movie, and I am, but in a good way. This is a movie that is so bad that it is a work of art. I was hoping how stupid am I that the repackaging would come with a better transfer of the movie, but alas no, it is the same horrible non enhanced version. So this is a big, big disappointment. hopefully someday Clambake will be released with a better transfer or on Blu ray so true fanslike me can really wallow in it's tacky, cheesy, awfulness.
While Clambake was certainly not at the top of the heap of Elvis fun-in-the-sun movies, the least they could have done was do a competent job with the mastering of this disk. The quality, while not the worst I've seen, is below average and there are flaws galore, most noticeably at about 48:40 where the picture is so wavy that appears like it was shot underwater until a thick white line washes across the screen from botton to top and resolves the image. Does no one even view these things before the discs are pressed and sold What a rip-off!!
I expected more from this movie and more from zac Enron. I would give this movie a D. Try neighbors 2 instead
Would ABSOLUTELY NOT recommend. We could only take 15 minutes of it and had to stop. Definitely a movie for our son in college. If I could return, I would.
Terrible movie with good actors. Can't believe I spent 20 bucks on it. The trailer is as funny as it's gonna get.
This movie is terrible with only a few funny scenes.
This was a boring movie i couldnt watch 20 minutes
I found this movie boring, stupid and a waste of time and money. Not funny at all.
You'll enjoy this if your 18. It was rather boring and gross for my tastes.
Instead of buying this movie, just burn your money, it is easier and less time consuming!
The trailers made the movie look like it had potential to be a funny movie...it did have its moments, but that was it, the rest of the movie was not good....not one I would recommend!
At times hard to watch.Characters morons.Acting not much better
My family and I absolutely love the first one. Seen it maybe 8+ times and still cracks me up. That said, after watching the 2nd one, we all thought is was a major let down. The humor was pushed and not natural. Used the grandmother way too much, and each time it wasn't funny, but was ridiculous. And this will be weird saying, but everything was too "Greek". Yes, we understand that the family is 100% Greek, but the movie made them out to be absolute idiots (their homes especially). In the last move, Toula ended up being a very strong character, but she is back to being frumpy again at the beginning of the 2nd movie and having to find herself again. The list goes on and on and there are just too many reasons to skip this movie. Go back and watch the first one, laugh and enjoy it, and don't ruin it by witnessing this disappointment.
Unfortunately the movie critics were right on this. Considering how funny the first one was this was a complete disappointment Another case of "sequel shouldn't have"
Very disappointing movie - do not recommend at ALL.
Unhappy that I can't return or view dvd out of $17.00
This film should have stuck to the main characters and been about their daughter getting married. I did not care for the plot, it was boring!
Weddings are a lot like me, taking on you, this Monday on Monday night raw
This was a horrible remake very very bad writing..
My fiance likes these movies for some reason. They are terrible.
The heater only stays on for 2-4 minutes max, then it shuts off. The instructions on the sticker says that if it turns off, then unplug it for 30 minutes. So freeze for 30 and warm for 2-4 minutes, not ok. It's winter and my office door has to stay open to a long hallway, so I know it's not turning off because the room warm and cozy.
When I bought it I thought it was great, but after only a few months it started turning off within minutes of turning on. I checked it over and see no buildup on the coils, have it in an open spot where it gets plenty circulation, but yet it never stays on for more than 3 or 4 minutes.
Bought this heater tonight, plugged it in for a good 5 minutes and my whole power went out! Shame.
I just used a couple month and could not operating anymore
I bought this directly from company since it was out of season at Walgreens. The purpose was to plug it in under my desk at work to stay warm. The thing is so loud I cannot use it in an office enviorment without upsetting my coworkers. It sits inside a drawer in my desk at work. I am too busy to pack the thing up and return it.
I have this space heater and it is junk! Turns on and heats up and when it gets hot, it turns off and will not turn back on! I have had many heaters and this one is not vry good!
The heater shut down after 2 minutes of use. The fan is loud. I'm not sure if it's a defective product.
This product was brand new and literally never worked once.
This heater mostly blows air. It takes almost an hour before you feel the heat. The plug melted after owning for a month. It would be better for a very very small room , that is the size of a closet. I have to turn my television up to be able to hear over the noise.
I bought it for the 1 song hoping there were others on it I would like, boy was I disappointed.
This shampoo and conditioner by Pantene's Expert Collection-Age Defy, left my hair with no volume and dull. I did not like it. My hair was flat and had no volume. I personally do not recommend it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It smell different with Agedfy Shampoo I found. After blow dried ...it smells more worst. Did not like at all. The result was flat and fizzy. I would not buy this product. Sorry .... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It smells great and I love the texture, however, it leaves my hair uber-oily. I can't deal with it being so stringy after a wash. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well, I definitely did not like the Pro-V AgeDefy conditioner. I was excited to try the pair of shampoo and conditioner together but was not overly impressed with the outcome of my hair. The conditioner not only smells like vitamins (not very appealing) but it left my hair limp and lifeless. I tried the conditioner with other shampoos thinking it might be the shampoo, but unfortunately I got the same results. Won't be purchasing this conditioner in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the Pantene Expert Pro-V AgeDefy Conditioner yesterday. While it as in my hair in the shower it felt creamy and smelled great. As it was drying my hair looked a little frizzy but still ok, but throughout the day my head started to have a slight burn and itch (I can still feel it today). It was fine before. And my hair feels drier and more coarse than it did before. My hair now actually feels crunchy. I swear it said conditioner on the bottle. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using the Pro-V AgeDefy conditioner for a month now and I've literally noticed no difference in my hair at all. My hair is special it doesn't play nice with ANY shampoo or conditioner. Doesn't matter what the label claims, my hair won't do it. I've given up hope of ever having nice hair without having to beat it into submission. I will say that this conditioner is nice and thick, just the way I like it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This 'one size fits all' clearly states on the packaging 'youth' - however, not so on line. It was purchased for an adult and now I have to return it and am out shipping costs. If you are looking for a set for a child, its cute - but over age 12 beware.
buyer beware--- this item is packaged very poorly! The hat is attached to a piece of cardboard with retail plastic tags which results in very visible holes in the hat. My son is 3 and the vest is to small for him. He usually wears a 5T and the tag on the item says for 3 and older. Def. not worth the money!
I received an expired product and the oils had separated and it was virtually impossible to eat even after I did try to stir the No Stir product.
both the maple almond butter and the almond coconut butter are stale dated! Received yesterday, going back today.
Tasted like warm mayonnaise - contacted MaraNatha to let them know.
Received broken glass jar loosely packed in paper inside box. Broken shards of glass throughout.... Luckily I didn't get cut.
I couldn't really detect any kind of brownie or even chocolate flavor. Just cloyingly sweet chemical flavor with the added pleasure of looking like you're wearing powdered sugar lipgloss.
Net wt was literally half of the claimed weight on outside of bag. i could fold the bag completely in half touching top of bag to bottom. There was no hole or opening in bag so they filled it to this level intentionally.
This product is a complete joke it does not do what I says it does and I have be left with the same old dried up hair look and I can't get a brush through it it certainly does not leave it with a glossy, gleaming finish. Do not buy
Bought this conditioner the other day, I usually just get the regular Tresemme conditioner, but I saw this one was a little more expensive, said expert on it and listed other fancy ingredients that I didn't really understand (but who does), and so I figured this was probably a higher quality product. I don't know why, but that was not the case at all for me. Been using it for a few days now, and I'm ready to stop. My hair feels greasy, it's messy, and not at all behaving like it normally does. I honestly used the last remnants of my regular conditioner bottle watered-down so I could get the last bits out of the bottle (we all do that, right) and that worked better than this. Not a fan at all. Very disappointing.
I have biracial curly super dry hair and have relied on this conditioner as my go to for my island lifestyle. I'm usually is salt water or chlorine and am in the shower at least twice a day. I only used the original karatin formula to nourish my locks. Which looked amazing after keratin conditioner and avocado oil as a leave in. The new formula is much lighter. My hair is now moisture starved and won't hold a gold curl. It looks matter down. So sad. Not sure why they changed the formula.
My hair was wavy/curly and always frizzy due to humidity. I read the bottles for the Keratin Smooth line and was excited to see that it helped battle frizz. I decided to give it a try. I washed my hair with the shampoo and then used the conditioner, and it is now bone straight. I can't even scrunch it. I am soooo truly upset. Will my hair ever curl again I've washed it twice since using the Keratin Smooth stuff. I only used the stuff ONE TIME! And, it did NOT help with my frizz either. Right now, I'm living in a nightmare. I want my curls back!!! I definitely would not recommend this line to anyone.
I changed my Shampoo to Tresemme Keratin shampoo and its conditioner but only to realise it was a real bad idea. My hair has never felt any worse. I have curly hair and after using this product, the feeling is like straw. Believing what you promise on your TV commercial, I bought the largest bottle and OMG What a Waste!!!!!! My hair gives a very oily feel soon after I wash my hair.... Sorry Guys!!!!! I would definately NEVER reccommend this product...... ITS REAL BAD!!!!
I would have loved it if it would have stayed plugged in and on.
The house, took it out a week later and plugged it in- DEAD WOuld not power up at all in all 3 cars. Returning it today.
Everything isn't for everyone. Before you use this product, know your hair type as well as the state of your hair. I have transitioning 4b hair and this product caused massive tangles and knots in my hair, so much so that I had to cut them out! As a result, I'm left with uneven hair all over my head. Furthermore it left my natural hair dry and much of my normal wave pattern is gone. I can tell I'm in for a long road in trying to repair the damage its caused.
I decided to try this conditioner thinking it would rejuvenate my curls but it did the exact opposite. This product made my hair feel like straw! It had that squeaky feeling after, you know the one you get when you use sulfate shampoos... It really didnt do anything. SMH
I have been using Arrid for decades...it was the only product that kept me dry. I liked it so much so, that I started ordering it by the case (less expensive that way too). About two months ago, I used the last can from the case. I picked up a can at my local grocery and thought I was good to go. Not so. I was surprised that I felt wetness an hour after I used the new can. I thought it might have been a 'bad' batch that had worked its way to my market. So, I went to a different store and bought another can....same thing happened. Evidently, the formula was changed or something...the last spray from the can from my case worked fine. The new purchases didn't. So, I don't think it's my body chemistry that has changed. I think it is Arrid. I am now searching for a better product or one that works. Too bad, Arrid. You've lost a loyal customer.
i aways bought the xxx but can not find it so i used the xx Terrible, does not work. Been using the xxx for 40 years, what happened
I ordered three of this item, This is the only deodorant product we use. Would have ben 5 star but we only got two as ordered and one of another arid product. Not worth time and effort to return, but at two for the price of three wipes out the savings I expected when ordering from Walmart
the scent was too perfumey - husband did not like it
I read the ingredients and did not find any ginger ale in the ingredients. Why is this product not been invested for deceptive marketing practices. I will not buy the product any more.
My family didn't not like the flavor.
Too hard to put items in - kept jamming fingers on the inner file divisions. Maybe good if only going to have a few pieces of info in a file - like a monthly/customer file. Most of my filing involves a lot of papers - this doesn't work for that.
I purchased this product for my business use. Although the concept was good, the construction was marginal and the quality of the materials was poor. This is unusual for Pendaflex product as they are known for quality products
I've been covered in hives the last 5 days because of using this detergent! Look at all the reviews on Amazon saying they had a bad allergic reaction this also!
I'm so sorry to write something negative about such a good company but this detergent didn't work for our family of 6. There is no scent at all so sometimes the sort of stinky stuff still has a slight ordor. Stains don't come out at all. It is very gentle for our little boy who has very sensitive skin so that part is good! But we will not be buying this again.
This detergent left streaks in a pair of pants that i've washed numerous other times, and faded a bunch of other items in the load. I used it just that one time, and will NEVER use it again.
I've owned this vacuum for close to 3 years now and have had it in service the same number of times. The service rep knew exactly what was wrong because he's worked on countless others. Do yourself a favor, buy something else.
Works great until it breaks I've had two and they both did the same exact thing they both power off and need parts that can never be replaced apparently great vacuum too bad it Will never turn on again and is total garbage
I've owned this vacuum for close to 3 years now and have had it in service the same number of times. The service rep knew exactly what was wrong because he's worked on countless others. Do yourself a favor, buy something else.
One of the best vacuums I have ever owned until the handle snapped right off--bought in 2012. Had to finish vacuuming so I did until it died completely. Really bummed! Thankfully it's still under warranty so will be taking it in where I hope they can fix it. I just hope it doesn't take too long!
I loved my Hoover Platinum vacuum, but after just one year the handle just broke right in half today while I was in the middle of vacuuming my carpet. I can't say this has ever happened to me with any other vacuum I have ever bought. I don't think a 300 vacuum should be made in such an inferior way.
Upright is worthless. Spits out dirt, cant get into tight places, loud and bulky. I would never buy another one of these again. Only good thing is the nice long cord. The additional canister vac works better than the upright but the attachment tube to use the floor head broke, rendering it useless. Same your money!
All these bad reviews hit the nail on the head. We did call hoover and were directed to go to retailer to get servicing. Unfortunately they didn't want to touch the machine because it was purchased at Sears. Truly the worst vacuum ever made and it wasn't like we purchased a cheap machine. This a lemon and hoover does not make it right!
The Upright Vacuum out of the box is stuck on low. The hepa filter bags probably work ok but dust is shooting out the tubes in the back which basically negates any respiratory advantages using a hepa filter. I all fairness, I like the way it vacuums (I am in a power wheel chair), however, for the above reasons I will be returning it.
Spent alot of time researching this product and when I purchased and got it home it never ran properly. Each time I would start it up and started to vaccum my carpet it woudl shut down. What a disappointment!! Returned it and went and bought a Dyson for 100.00 more and I LOVE IT!!
I read Consumers Reports and usually agree with their recommendations. This vacuum was highly recommended so we bought one. It was very lightweight (which was good), it had decent suction (which was OK), but it had a problem switching from High to Low via the switch mounted on the handle just below the power button. No problem, returned it and got another one -- same issue. Just like the first unit, the switch was intermittent -- sometimes it worked, mostly it didn't. Hoover has an obvious design issue here. We ended up with a Dyson - significantly more but what a machine...
Originally I reviewed this Hoover Vacuum in 11/2010 (on Walmart website) after I first purchased it at that time I gave it 5 stars there since then my user opinion has *changed*.. In October 2012 the ergonomic handle had to be replaced since it was coming apart which I guess stemmed from the oils in my hand when using the vacuum (design flaw).. The vacuum was under 60 month warranty so Hoover directed me to a local vacuum dealer they recommended here in Florida (second mistake) it was replaced.. While I only vacuum weekly I started to notice a lack of suction power for this vacuum which was disappointing me big time, but not wanting to spend money again I continued on with it.. I clean the wheels, brushes rollers frequently change the bag often whether it needs it or not so not sure what the problem is with this vacuum.. I originally purchased this vacuum to replace my Sears canister vacuum for poor performance, but now I am about to throw in the towel on this one too since its not worth the aggravation would like a vacuum with more suction power to keep my carpets fresh I actually hate to vacuum now because of this issue with this Hoover vacuum.. Hope others that have purchased this vacuum have better luck with it..
The upright does (did) a wonderful job until today when I was body slammed by the same peril that did in my last vacuum, plastic parts. Apparently the engineers who constructed this model were in a hurry because they did not adequately assess the forces where the power/control handle meets the shaft. Today mine snapped off at that point without warning. I got this model in Novemeber 2010 because it had top ranking with Consumer Reports. Likewise my prior vac, Kenmore canister, carried a top ranking and plastic fatigue failure in the handle assembly was the culprit there too. Even though I am a guy I am not rough with these units. What I don't understand is the failure to use metal at key stress points so that this does not happen. I'd willingly pay more money for a product that endures.
Loved this machine until I replaced my worn out carpet with a low freize. It will not roll over it at all, let Hoover know of the problem and they said it is not designed for high pile carpet or plush padding underneath carpet. They said to return it and by a Hoover with a manual adjusting carpet height button. Well Hoover I've had this for over a year, so I'm out of luck on the return. If I do get a new vacuum it won't be a Hoover because you certainly don't stand behind your product......boasting of an automatic heighth adjuster on this vacuum that really doesn't work.....shame on you for taking my hard earned money!!! I notice that this machine is not for sale anymore in stores...wonder why Please don't buy this machine if you ever plan to put in nice carpet!
I like this vacuum with the HUGE exception that the handle has snapped in half twice now. It snaps just below where the top cord wrap is located. Last time it took several weeks to get it repaired and service center said it was a challenging fix. Now I'm trying to find somewhere to repair it again. The closest location looks to be an hour away from my house and I'm not sure I want to go without a vacuum for several weeks again. Bad design!
I bought this product in January 2012 and now the handle broke at the top assembly. I would expect a vacuum cleaner to last longer than this. I see from other reviews that I am not the only one with this problem.
Bought based on recommendation by leading consumer magazine. You get two vacs in the box, one is a bagged upright and the other is a small corded vac with a shoulder strap. The upright does a so-so job on carpets and the other vac was nearly useless for uncarpeted floors and awkward to carry around. Returned these and bought a Dyson DC50.
I bought this vacuum on September 8th 2009. Two days before Christmas it just started to shut off. I couldn't get a hold of anyone until the 28th to find where to take it for repair.When I finally got it in on the 28th the repair guy laughed and said it was just their cheap machine with a longer warranty. And advised me to purchase a different vacuum because it would take forever to get the parts. Well, it's January 22nd and still the parts have not come in. Turns out they close for weeks after Christmas and do not reopen until January 11th! So I am SOL and should just buy a new one because they can't do anything for me.The vacuum did pick up well, but I could have done better and gotten away cheaper by going to a store that specializes in vacuums. They would of been able to tell me to stay away.
I purchased this and loved it at first as it was so light weight. However I got new carpet that was a bit taller and now I cannot move it across the floor. The self adjusting height is nonexistent. When I wrote to Hoover, they just said I must have purchased the wrong vacuum for the carpet. There is no information regarding carpet type in the promotional materials. Don't buy this product.
Right out the box...I assembled the vacuum and was excited. I started using the canister and loved it. I would have loved a bag to keep everything together, but I accepted because I loved it. THEN...I used the upright. Still in one room, the sensor light comes on after 5mins of use! Since then the Hoover helpdesk ONLY tells me to send it to a Hoover site for maintenance or Return it to the store. O**ck it is! My sister raved about it and never reported sensor problems.
Impossible to push on freize carpet with moderatly high pile. Head does not adjust to accomodate higher pile carpet. Works great with plush low plie. Contacted Hoover and they said tough luck. I have to give it away, and get another vacuum that will work on freize carpet.
Loved this machine until I replaced my worn out carpet with a low freize. It will not roll over it at all, let Hoover know of the problem and they said it is not designed for high pile carpet or plush padding underneath carpet. They said to return it and by a Hoover with a manual adjusting carpet height button. Well Hoover I've had this for over a year, so I'm out of luck on the return. If I do get a new vacuum it won't be a Hoover because you certainly don't stand behind your product......boasting of an automatic heighth adjuster on this vacuum that really doesn't work.....shame on you for taking my hard earned money!!! I notice that this machine is not for sale anymore in stores...wonder why Please don't buy this machine if you ever plan to put in nice carpet!
On sale because you cannot push it in plush carpet. Even an employee said so. DO NOT BUY!!
This was the WORST pizza I've ever had in my life. The crust was gross. The sauce was delicious but there wasn't much of it. There also wasn't enough cheese. Bottom line, don't buy it. Try a different gluten free pizza. Amy's Drive Thru has some great ones.
Ordered before reading the reviews. I bought this specifically because it said Ultraviolet Copy. Wanted it for my UV collection. You only get one code and it's for Retribution Only. NOT THE ENTIRE COLLECTION! It's the only reason I dropped $34.99 plus tax on this. I have since contacted the 800 number for Bestbuy. I have been given authorization to either get an exchange or a refund, even though it's now an open package. I am going in the morning to go talk in person to the manager and tell them what's going on and give them the reference number that was given to me. I will see if they have one in store that they know 100% supplies the UV copy for the entire set. If not I'm just going to return and get my refund.
I enjoyed the movies and the video games. I read the reviews and decided to buy the set for the digital copies of all the movies. I was upset it was only a copy of the last movie only. Total waste of money. I want to return the set for that reason.
Description says UV digital copy, once i received the set only one disc had a UV code, it worked for the one movie but what am i suppose to do for all the others? called customer support they said there should be a code that gives me the digital copy for all. They sent me another box set, same issue, went into the store and no one can figure out how to get me what they are advertising and what i bought! Ugh!
The movies just suck. The first movie is okay but gets worse with each sequel.
Great movies all in one video box and also at a fantastic price.
Honestly, I knew how terrible these films were but I was bored and needed something to binge watch...since I'm all caught up on every show I currently watch. The first "Resident Evil" is actually not that bad of a film. The rest get worse. Incredibly worse!! The price wasn't bad for the collection.
I could drink this with a straw. Nasty, full of water. What happened to your good chili
I was completely disappointed in this item. I opened the can and there was a smell emanating from it that made me sick. Since it was just 2.00, I threw it away. I will NEVER purchase this chili again. I know it may have been a bad can, but that smell was like dead flesh. UGH!
I can not eat anything with Monosodium glutamate in it. I would love to eat your chili but until it is MSG free I can not
I used to buy Hormel chili all the time because it did not have pork in it. Now I will not be buying it. I was very surprised to see this. Why did you have to add pork
Bland and want buy again
This recipe for your chill is horrible. You need to revert back to the recipe you used twenty years ago, then it taste great. I will not be buying your chill until a new and improved recipe comes out. And it better be good.
I had to throw out all my Hormel Chili. Some of us don't eat pork for reasons other than health and this was always in our food stock. Very sad that they changed and DID NOT TELL ANYONE! Now we know.
Purchased this chili for years. It was the best. Would buy by the case and eat once or twice a week. About a year or so ago Something changed. Now I have a lot of cans that I will not eat and really would not even give away, it's that bad. It sits on the shell and finally I have resolved to just toss it out.
Same as Wolf brand that is why we quit Wolf brand and now they are the same. Watery, no meat and yuk!!!! We will never buy again. We will just make our own
I have been buying Hormel chili all my life, the can I opened tonight was the worst. It made the whole hotdog taste bad. It was runny, no meat, so runny it made the bun soggy! I hope Hormel fixes this problem. I'd hate to change brands.
Use to be years ago this is the only kind of chili my grandparents had in our house, but I will not be buying it anymore since I now know that it has pork in it. I do not eat pork, so surely do not want it in my chili
I usually buy the turkey no bean chili so had not had this for years. Well I accidently grab this product and I could not believe how runny and lack of meat was in this chili. It had the consistency of soup which was pretty pitiful since I was having chili dogs. Very sad
This meal was extremely sweet and had a very strong pepper flavor. I could not eat it.
Chicken was white meat, breaded, about 3 pieces, lots of bell pepper, Sauce was thick on the rice and contents and totally overwhelmed it. Did not care for the taste of the sauce.
This had really bad flavor. Was not a good product.
Chicken quality was poor. Taste was not good, overall not worth the money.
Loaded with salt and carbs.. Grammy
This is an outstanding product, it not only cleans surfaces, but it has such a clean and fresh smell..I use it all the time.
I have been an avid user of Clorox Wipes for many years and loved them. Something has been changed about them recently and my last 3 purchases have all exhibited this change - the SMELL. It is awful. They all smell the same. I don't know if people on the west coast are familiar with stink bugs but here on the east coast, there is an infestation. That's exactly how the Clorox wipes smell now. Please change back to the old formula QUICK!!!!!!
I have used Clorox Wipes for years... Cannot live without them (or prefer not to). Now the smell is so irritating, I will have to purchase another brand to continue my Spring cleaning. I've never had such a strong objection to the smell of any cleaning product. Please at least offer a choice in the old vs. new formula.
I use Clorox wipes fanatically all over my home and I have done so for years - I have always loved them...until now! I just got the wipes with grease fighting power and it smells HORRIBLE. The main reason I use these wipes is because they make stuff smell fresh and clean. I am sad to say, I may be looking for a new product. Maybe Clorox can offer 2 different kinds I don't really have grease in my bathroom, or on my main kitchen counter spaces, usually grease is only on my stove...
Being a mom of three, disinfecting the home has always been a big priority to keep my family healthy and germs at a minimum. I always turn to Clorox to make that happen. I have been using these products for many years and will continue to do so. Thanks for all of the great products that you offer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE Clorox wipes, but this batch is horrible. The wipes have separated and won't come out of canister in one piece. They rip and tear apart which then makes using 1 wipe useless. You have to get several out just to clean something. The smell is great tho.
I normally buy Clorox brand disinfecting wipes over generic wipes because I like the Fresh Scent. I notice that you've changed the scent and strongly dislike it. While I'll look for Lavender scent in the future, I suspect it does not have wide distribution.
Please go back to original scent/formula!! The other scent was wonderful...New one literally gives me a headache!! So sad.
I would give ZERO stars to the New Formula Clorox Wipes. I agree with all the other users that say the new formula smells awful. It may cut grease now but I liked the old streak free formula a lot better and it smelled nice. Whatever is in the new formula that cuts grease also makes my hands burn. I've switched to my store brand now since they work just as well as the new formula and they smell better. And they don't make my hands burn when I use them! And they don't leave streaks all over my bathroom counters, mirrors and stove like the Clorox wipes do now. Everyone (including me) used to love Clorox wipes when they first came out. Learn a lesson Clorox- if it isn't broke, don't try to fix it!
These are the most frustrating and useless wipes on the market. They rip coming out of the container! If I can't get them out of the container in one piece what good is a bunch of little pieces. Not happy at all! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used Clorox wipes for a number of years and was excited to try the new products. While I really like the new dispensing top the new scent is unpleasant and I wouldn't call it lemon. I also didn't think that the quality of cleaning was as good as the old product. While the new wipe is textured on one side and soft on the other I felt like I had to scrub much harder and the surface didn't get as clean. I will not buy this product again.
I was expecting these wipes to have a strong clorox smell but they don't, they actually have a refreshing fragrance. I use them regularly and feel confident that I'm eliminating germs from every surface on which I use them.
I LOVE clorox wipes and have used them and recommended them to all my friends since they came out. That being said the change in formula that adjusted the fragrance is horrible. They give me migraines every time they are used in the house and leave a horrible chemical scent instead of the old fresh clean smell. Please go back to the old one because I love your brand and will hate to switch.
Clorox wipes are a great product for disinfecting surfaces that harbor germs. Great for cleaning kitchen counters, door handles and in general. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
love to use the wipes when cleaning the bathroom. you gotta love boys!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I don't like the smell of most strong cleaners. And the earthy cleaners aren't always enough. The green top clorox wipes are my go to disinfectant wipes when we are sick! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got this for a wisdom tooth I had to wait until after my daughter was born to have removed. Only worked.for 15 mins before it wore off. Deff not liking this product. Those 15 mins are pain free but it dont last long enough to help
I bought this and and was not at all satisfied with it. The oragel instant gel that came in the blue box, blows this away. It was a blue colored gel. If this is the best oragel has for a really bad toothache, they definitely have lost me as a customer. I have always used oragel, but, I won't ever purchase this again. Simply put it just doesn't do the job.
Decided to try these based on the good ratings -- they are very overrated, lack taste, seem to be little but puffy flavored air.. not even that cheesy, and certainly no corn -- it's an odd texture as well, not like any other food items.. stick to better munchies, there are many..
bag was open and spilled all over box
Half the bag was stale
I bought this because I thought it was better than the old fashion way but the mice are still out running around. The green stuff was gone but not one dead mouse.
product not as good as the loose pellets The new product sucks
DO NOT PURCHASE!!! The move was able to eat the gel and not one mouse died or got poisioned. This product doesn't work!!!! They need to take it off the market. The mice in our apartment was having a field day, enjoying eating the gel position and not dying. Jokes on us!!!! I need a refund !!!
I have had these out for over a month. I have moved mutiple times after the 3 days as recommended if there were no signs of the mice eating it (sometimes leaving it even longer) and they still have not touched it. Either my mice are super fat and can't squeeze in or they are extremely intelligent or this product just plain sucks. I wish I had just spent my money on old fashion traps! I finally took the product apart and just set the clear portion out with the bait still in it. I'm hoping now they will eat it. I'm very disappointed.
Absolutely, nothing like old smell of REAL Lysol. Believe me I know... I'm 80 yrs. old and my mother used it constantly - people come into our house and ask what is is smell and when I went to their houses there it was again the Real True Smell of the OLD Lysol not this fake stuff they sell now a days. Not buying this fake stuff again.
Miss the shade cocoa! Bring it back. None other compares.
I LOVE this product but, sadly can't buy it anymore because you've discontinued my favorite colors--papaya and cocoa. Darn!
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE bring back cocoa! I've wasted 50.00 or more trying these other colors. They don't work for me.
This was MY shade of lipstick. I wore it all day every day and all night. PLease please please bring it back!!!!!!!
This is by far the best shade out of all of them! We want it back Please please restock!! I gave them all to my friends once upon a time and they all have it.
I tried this for the first time, and loved the look, but after a half hour or so, my lip started to swell.. it wasn't pleasant. my roommate had the same experience.
Cocoa was my fav lip gloss! I understand if ur not making enough sales that u take it out of the stores, but to discontinue it that was just wrong!!!! People will buy it online!
I can't believe NUTMEG PAPAYA have been discontinued with no replacements! Your lip shimmer colors are INCOMPLETE without a coral,peach or copper color. I used to buy 3 at a time because they were always sold out.
Until you bring back Cocoa.. You are minus a customer. This was my all time favorite shade and I haven't found another like it. I am not the only one. Read ALL the reviews....Why take away a good product that people love
As so many other reviewers have said, Cocoa was a really nice lip color, and now you've discontinued it. I'm so disappointed. Your other colors aren't right for me, so now I'm an ex-customer. I hope you'll reconsider your decision and bring back Cocoa.
I have been using cocoa lip tint for years and could not find it in the store any more so my friend who also has used the color for years said she had recently got it online. So sad when I saw that it was no longer here! What am I going to carry in my pockets for dry lips Bring it back!!!
As per many of the other reviews -- PLEASE BRING BACK COCOA. I've used this shade for over 7 years -- I have never had a lipstick that works as well as COCOA. It's the best!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE bring it back. I've tried other Burt's Bees shades -- but nothing looks as good as COCOA. 1 Star -- only because there is no COCOA.
I used to love your lip shimmers, I even opted to use the cocoa lip shimmer for my wedding, paired with all the expensive make-up I bought for the special occasion. I am very disappointed to discover after periodically looking in different stores for months (years), that you have discontinued your cocoa color. I have bought two other colors in attempt to replace my last cocoa, but they look just awful on me. Please (PLEASE PLEASE!!) bring back cocoa!!
The Rhubarb lip shimmer was my favorite and I used to be able to wear it with everything. This summer I went to buy more of it and noticed that the color of the cap was different than the one I was using. I bought it and brought it home, and the shade is definitely not the same - it is darker and more pink. It feels a little more waxy also. I am so disappointed! I am wondering why you would change the color and/or formula if this is your best seller
Burt's bees doesn't usually disappoint, but this product left me sourly disappointed. While the color and product are probably good, I'll never know because the container was poorly made. The turning dial at the bottom could bring the product up but it would't bring it back down. I was left with this large stick of product just hanging out and a huge mess. I seriously hope they'll accept a return because I wasted my money on this product.
I have almost every Burts Bees color of lip shimmer, and I'm only luke warm happy with a couple of them of them. Many of them I hate (and give away to a friend). But COCOA is my favorite lip color of all time--across every brand of lip stick. And Burts Bees has discontinued it the new colors to replace it are completely awful looking on me and now I'm completely out of cocoa lip shimmer. If you don't bring back cocoa lip shimmer soon, you've completely and forever lost a customer. Promise.
Usually, I pass on registering on sites, but if it will help bring back Cocoa Lip Shimmer, it will have been time well spent. It was my go-to lip product for years and I'm sparingly using the last of it. The same applies to a friend of mine. Both of us are dismayed and none of the other colors is just right. I selected 1 star to reflect my disappointment, but it would have been a 5 if the perfect color for me, and obviously others, hadn't been eliminated. Please bring Cocoa back!
I have been purchasing the cocoa lip shimmer for as long as I can remember. I regularly have 5 or more of these floating around purses, make up bags, my desk at work, my car, everywhere. I was so upset to hear that this color has been discontinued. I know several girls at the office use this product too and we joke about how much we Rely on it. Please bring back cocoa. I attempted the plum tonight and hate it . . . fig isn't good either. I am very disappointed in ending a product that was loved by so many.
I just found out that Merlot is discontinued! Terrible news! I also read several reviews on Cocoa, which was apparently discontinued and brought back. I think the same should be done with Merlot. I checked on ebay and people are selling it for outrageous prices, which is an indicator that there are lots of other folks who feel like me! Please bring it back! It was the perfect shade of red, and you don't have other reds now...only pinks, browns, but nothing that dark. Loved it!
No, I can't recommend this product to a friend because it no longer is available. I can't give it a 5 star excellent rating either, because I can no longer purchase the product. I just returned home after searching several stores for my favorite lip gloss. To my dismay I discovered that the shade Cocoa has been discontinued. Why It's the best color for me. I've been using it for years. I also see that there are many more like me that want you to bring back Cocoa. Not even one of the other shades work for me. Please, I hope you are listening.
I recently bought two tubes of lip shimmer. I LOVE the lip shimmer I had in the past. HOWEVER, the new formulation is NOT GOOD!! I applied the lip shimmer and realized that it was totally rancid. I looked at the ingredients and see that they've changed the formulation to include soy oil and canola oil....both of these oils go rancid VERY quickly and actually promote free radical damage because they are unstable oils. I am returning the two tubes immediately. Burts Bees.....PLEASE return to the previous formula. Rancid oils are no good!!
I do not normally do this sort of thing, but once I logged in and saw the other comments, I decided I should have my say also. I hate lipstick-I hate the way it feels and I hate the ingredients. The only product I like to use is the Lip Shimmer, and it is a fantastic product-one that I have introduced many people to over the years! Like a lot of the other folks on here, COCOA is the only shade that works with my skin tone-all of the others are too light or orange-y. We are not all as fortunate as the reviewer in Hawaii that can use any of the colors! I am devastated that COCOA is no longer available, devastated I tell you. I cannot find any other color close to this and have even tried mixing two colors, but nothing seems to work. Which means, I have had to stop using this product all together and that just makes me sad. I have used BB products for years and now I am a little disheartened by this-so, I hope that you do listen to your fans and bring our cocoa back. PLEASE
The Lip Shimmers line is great. I have particularly been a fan of the Papaya color ever since I first saw it years ago. It is (was) a great color with bronze/brown tones that worked well for my tones. I got compliments all the time. Apparently Burt's Bees has elected to revamp these colors for no apparent reason, and all of these new colors are very pink toned. You will notice that all of the many, many complaints are from people who preferred bronze or brown tones who have been left behind by this change. I am at a loss to explain why this company would ignore such brand loyalty by changing these colors for essentially no reason, and while providing no acceptable substitute. Please reconsider this decision to provide only pink-toned Lip Shimmers, and bring back the bronze-toned ones, especially wonderful Papaya!
I am only giving one star, because of my wasted time. I bought the first tube at a drug store. Love the color on me (Plum). The next day, I rolled it up a little for more coverage and it would not roll back down. Went back to the drug store and returned it for a new tube. Tried it in the store and it rolled up a little and it rolled down. I left the store, got in my car, while driving, I went to apply...rolled it up, applied, then it would not roll down. So I made a u turn and went back to the store. This happened on 4 trips. DANG, FIX THE TUBES.
I am sure if you advertised the return of Cocoa and set a release date, you would sell out that day! Can you imagine the publicity you could generate from the whole Cocoa following! All of the ad possibilities... Commercials with real women scrambling to buy it out... If the company has no plans to bring back Cocoa at this time, then maybe they should fire the marketing department and hire me. The new shades do not compare to the old ones as evidenced by your own customer forum. I would not recommend the new shades to anyone. They don't even compare to the old ones.
This product had plastic parts which broke on the third use, and plastic shavings were appearing in the mesh filter almost immediately thereafter. Additionally, problems in the motor assembly were developing almost immediately.Do not buy this product. Go with Breville instead. We will be exchanging this product later today.
The juicer seemed ok and was quiet. After a few days I noticed it was leaking juice that should have be going into the juice reservoir was instead going into the waste basket. The pulp was WET and I noticed I was wasting money having to use more fruits/veg to get some juice out.. I returned and got a new breville which spits out almost dry pulp much better than this cuisinart.
I have been a faithful and ecstatic fan of Iman for her line of makeup and curtains, however this product was a great disappointment. : ( It was disappointing because it is so easy to carry around its virtually invisible, its the size of a lipstick and its at a great economical price but its so hard to apply, its hard to smooth on evenly over your face and it does not come with an applicator. I guess this product was named Iman clay makeup because it literally feels like you are smoothing clay onto your face and that isn't something I was looking forward to.
NOPE!!! Don't do it. I learned the hard way. You can find at any large chain grocery store.
A waste of my money I don't know what kind of black rice this supposed to be,,,it loses most of its color during the cooking process I think it's dyed plus the grains are really short every black rice I've ever had where long grain and did not lose all that coloring doing the cooking process... Just Saying
The closed packages arrived today with weevils inside. Yuck! I'm sure this is a wonderful product when it is not contaminated with pests like these, but we just can't stomach them.
Basmati rice is specific to a geographic location. Calling a rice Basmati when not grown in North India is calling a wine Chamapagne when it does not come from Champagne region of France. If they believe in their product, they could call it something else instead of calling it Basmati.
Not one person in the family liked the taste.
It's okay but still haven't used all that was originally purchased. Would not order again.
I tried hard to like this and hoped to like it for the antioxidant benefits. Unfortunately, no matter how I cooked it I found the grains to be too firm and not aromatic at all. I found it to be lacking in flavor as well and no one in my family enjoyed this rice. We typically eat jasmine, brown, and red cargo rice and could not get over the texture and firmness of this black rice.
Yes, I should have read the whole description, so I take part of the blame. However, I can't see how in any way how this rice could be considered RED as stated in the title above:A Gourmet Aromatic Whole Grain RED RiceNowhere on the front of the bag does it clarify that it's brown rice as it does on the back.I'm not saying it's bad rice, just that it's not RED as the title clearly states.There is a specific type of rice known as red rice. This is NOT it. When it arrived in the mail, the front label says RED RICE on the back it says it's brown rice.So, yes, I should have read the whole description closer, but just calling brown rice red on the label doesn't make it so.Disappointed, will not be buying any more Lundberg products. Sorry, but you ticked me off with your misleading labeling.
This album is definitely not worth the money due to its flimsy design and cheap materials being used.
While looking for an album flexible enough to add / remove pages I stumbled over this while surfing through BH store. Unfortunately there is only one picture of this album. The truth is, this album appears to be made in the former GDR with very low quality paper. The back of the book is open, the inner sides of the book board do look like being from a cheap carton made for food transportation. The low price speaks for itself.
i do turn dial Slowly--but too much makeup comes out...so i wind up using tissue to absorb most of the product before using brush on my face. i think a much smaller hole for liquid to come through brush would be much better
If you want foundation that looks like you used latex wall paint on your face this is for you. No wonder they put a brush on top. It goes on like paint. It is hard to control the amount that enters the brush so too much gets on it. It emphasizeed the few tiny lines I have on my face. I tried this because I had had a fall and needed to try to cover a bruise that resulted from the fall. I am sorry I wasted money on this product.
the color is 160 classic ivory turned orange on my freshly washed face so I washed again and primed with the Magic Lumi and then applyed the foundation,. It still turned orange. Now for the Brush, I love it. you click it and some foundation comes up into the brusn -then apply. I also think the design of the package is great for traveling in the purse for all day touch-ups.
This product leaves an oily/shine feel on my face. I had to blot the oil off but still had a shine. The brissels on the bruch fell out and I cldn't finish using the product. I would not buy this product again. Not for comination skin. Very dissappointed.
I ordered Gray-Black and you shipped me black. Now I have no confidence in ordering from you ever again.
I received this product for free to try in exchange for my honest feedback. I really didn't like having my hair dyed... I don't know how women do it. It burned my scalp and my eyes and I ended up washing it out before it was finished. I will say though my friends noticed I did have less gray even though I washed it out too soon.
The product dose not live up to advertising claims. No significant difference in appearance before and after use.
With all the warnings - I'm afraid to try it. It has not been opened and I would like an authorization to take it bake to Wal-Mart for a refund!
Upon opening the tube with the comb attachment , this stuff just ran out everywhere--it would be better to have someone comb it in for you--IF someone is around to assist. It is TOO WATERY and hard to keep from running down your arms. This was a waste of --HOPE the NEW product AUTO-STOP is NOT the same parc (read backwards) with a new Name packaging!!!! I'd rather the Shampoo hair color and even the Comb in GEL works GREAT if you COMB it thru your hair--you have a lot more control of its color contents....as far as TOUCH OF GRAY --its a TOUCH OF A MESS!!!
I have tried using this product for several months, more like over a year. It looks good at first but The color fades! It does not last 4 to 6 weeks. Its more like 3 to 4 weeks. I have tried different shampoos and conditioners that specialize in color treated hair.I tried using the product every 4 weeks. The color fades to a very un natural and embarressing shade of I dont know how to describe it. I wash my hair everyday. Not every other day and not twice a day but everyday. I dont want to be gray but at least grey doesnt look orangegrrenish. Im very disappointed.
Ease of use is great and results were excellent. I'm 56 and this product covered just the right amount to give me the look I wanted.
There were two seams on the sides that are visible. It was located at an odd place. It makes you think they were short of the metal material and just added to it to complete the circumference and close the gap. Disappointed and returned it. Did not bother to test how it ran.
I bought two and when they arrived one was broken. They sent me out a replacement. I installed both then 2weeks after install one of them broke again - in the same place. So they sent me out a new one and I replaced it. Then the other one has now broken all in the same place. Not worth the time or money product is poorly produced.
This product does its job, it's a great powder. What I can't get past is the smell. This product smells like an old lady put on purfume to mask the moth ball door on their clothing. When my sense of smell diminishes and I no longer care about what others think or how I feel about my own body odor, I will once again use this product. Until then, it will be under the cabinet with caution tape wrapped around the container.
I was so disappointed that this stuff didn't work for me. I got it because of all the great reviews it had. When I used this to bake under my eyes, it just didn't look smooth. It showed every little wrinkle under my eyes and creased a little. It just didn't look great on me. :(
What they don't tell you about this product is it has a smell that I can old describe as an Old Lady smell If smells don't bother you, by all means get this powder and try it, but if you have a sensitive nose like I do, stay far away from it. I'd almost be willing to suffer through if I hadn't also ordered the wrong shade.... thought it would be a white powder.... it's not.
Although I did like how fine the powder was, the color, (translucent) was slightly pink. Not translucent. When I opened the powder, the first thing that hit me was the smell. It smells like grandma perfume. Despite the awful smell, I put a light layer on my face with the puff provided. I could smell it on my face all day! i will be returning this and going back to my favorite powder, Loreal True Match.
I didn't like that the deodorant clumped up once it dried. Like the scent but I don't want white clumps all over. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Axe Phoenix has a great smell to it but about 20 minutes after applying the scent starts to make you feel sick. Also the product is very clumpy and gritty once you put it on, leaving it hard to wash off in the shower. This is definitely still the little boys or teenagers deodorant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The Axe Phoenix has a great smell to it but about 20 minutes after applying the scent starts to make you feel sick. Also the product is very clumpy and gritty once you put it on, leaving it hard to wash off in the shower. This is definitely still the little boys or teenagers deodorant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I found a hair embedded in the outer layer of icing on the Power Crunch Protein Energy Bar, Peanut Butter flavor. ICK!!!
I would not purchase again. Something just didn't taste right with these.
Was advertised for 12 bars, only got 5.
Horrible taste
The only thing nice about these sheets are the pattern...they are too hard thin, Poor quality for the price
I asked for one of the small tubs of Vaseline for Christmas because I absolutely love the Vaseline brand, and this was super sticky! I was so disappointed, but I tried the small tubs of Vaseline (original and rosy lips), and those were just fine. Weird!
I asked for one of the small tubs of Vaseline for Christmas because I absolutely love the Vaseline brand, and this was super sticky! I was so disappointed, but I tried the small tubs of Vaseline (original and rosy lips), and those were just fine. Weird!
'Something About Mary' is a funny film. Unfortunately, this Pan & Scan dvd version alters the original theatrical aspect ratio of 1.85:1 to 1.33:1 giving a different picture than what you saw in the theater. Buy the widescreen version instead!
It took a month for me to receive .I was very disappointed at the long wait and the package was torn up. Also the size was not what I expected.
Ordered this lamp on sale for 25 off - still not cheap - and expected a quality lamp. We we received was, unfortunately, anything but. First annoying thing was that it was packed ultra-tight in the box with styrofoam packing that made it extremely difficult to pull out of the box which was accomplished only with the styrofoam breaking apart and shedding little bits of it all over the floor. The shade was okay, but the lamp base had to be assembled, and that's when the real problem became apparent. The cord was threaded through the lamp base and into the switch-socket that holds the bulb, but the latter was not attached to the base and about a foot of excess cord could not be pulled back through the base to allow the socket to be screwed onto it. We tried every thing to see if we could loosen up the cord at both ends to allow it to be shortened enough to assemble the lamp, but it became obvious that since it could not be done, that the lamp was defective. The other thing I should mention was that there was no felt on the bottom of the metal lamp base, which was heavy, and would have marked up the table we would have put it on. We returned this lamp to the local Target store the next day, and got no argument. Happily, we found a different lamp at the store that not only was better quality, but also better sized to our needs and much cheaper.
Only half of the frames I received were usable. 2 of them had broken glass, 1 of them the plastic frame was broken and the glass badly scratched and the rest had noticeable scratches to the glass. Do Not Buy This Junk.
4 out of 12 frames were cracked when I received them. They were really poor quality and when I tried to put a picture in one of them, the glass cracked and I was lucky I didn't cut myself. Spend a little more money to get better frames, these were awful and a waste.
I bought this several weeks ago, and I have no idea how it looks. It tastes so awful that I will never use it again! Having said that, I have used L'Oreal makeup for a number of years and have been pleased with it.
It is not good!!!!!!!!
I got to hand it to L'Oreal... they named this product perfectly. What do you call a lip colour that isn't a gloss or stain or balm or lipstick One that, upon application, seems to immediately draw all the moisture out of your lips and leave you with a tacky finish similar to drying paint Lacquer! Marketing at its finest. Yes, the packaging is eye-catching, but the applicator (think disposable eye-shadow brush), perfumed scent, and texture are certainly lacking. Or should I say lacquering
Was expecting much more from the ads reviews....total let down. Not recommended for any reason.
1) This product was missing pieces. Not screws or nails. But actual wood pieces. Thankfully I took an inventory before assembling it and called them for replacements.2) Once I had all the pieces and began to assemble it...it was almost impossible. (I am an architect and carpenter.) Unlike other flat-packed furniture these aren't finished on all sides and the instructions don't make it clear which side the veneer faces a number of times which leads to assembling and the taking it apart and re-assembling it. That alone was infuriating enough...but even on the first attempt the screws are such low quality that the screw heads were stripped out so I had to use an extraction bit and then go buy new screws from a hardware store.3) Once I, thankfully, was done assembling it I put it in place and put my bedside lamps on it and they scratched the veneer off immediately. And the lamps have rubber feet. So you should plan on calling a glass shop to make a stand-off (just rubber bumpers) like I did to make these last more that a week.4) Lastly, just to know. This furniture isn't veneered on all sides like most furniture. Even inside the drawers. So unless you paint the inside of the drawers you will be looking at particle board when you open them which isn't a particularly elegant look.Bottom line: It looks like the picture from the outside but that's it...and only it. Buy something else instead.
The packaging of the product was so bad it spilled out of the container. I will be returning.
This is the worst balsamic dressing ever. It has no taste, basically all oil.
I bought these over a month ago, and they rusted out pretty quickly. I have other Henckles knives that I love, which is why I bought them. Maybe I just got a bad batch
I ordered the screen on-line and had it delivered to my home the first time. When we took it out of the box we noticed that the weld on one of the side screens was misplaced -- making the screen appear above the frame and a big black painted weld was on top of the frame instead of on the back where it couldn't be seen.Returned the screen to my local store and ordered a new one to be delivered to the store. Went in to pick it up and asked the clerk to take it out of the box to inspect it. Weld wasn't a problem this time but instead there was black paint "globbed" all over the bottom of the screen. It wouldn't brush off so I told them to return it.Very disappointed -- loved the design -- it would have been perfect. Can't believe a company couldn't catch those issues before boxing up the product. Very poor quality control.
Received in timely manner and the box was completely intact. While I was taking the screen out of the box, one of the welds on the hinge broke. I carried it back to Home Depot and purchased another screen.
I used to LOVE LOVE LOVE this product! I would buy 4 cans at a time. Sometime in the last 5 months or so the formula changed. It smells sweeter like perfume and just doesn't hold my hair the way that the previous formula did. I was extremely disappointed. I wish that they would have left the original formula alone. It was perfect.
This product has a strong smell and practically glued my hair together to the point that after spraying just a little bit on my roots, I couldn't even get a comb or brush through it and whatever spray landed on other parts of my hair glued the layers together making it impossible to brush! It tore up my hair and even after washing it was still glued to my scalp. It also make my scalp extremely itchy where I've never had sensitivity before. I have hair that is naturally just a little wavy, not frizzy or fried, so the fact this spray did all of that to healthy hair, I'd hate to see what it does to other hair types. Save yourself the money, DO NOT BUY!
I'm always on the look out for products that will give my hair lift and volume. I tried this product because I had a coupon and there was only one bottle left on the shelf, it had to be good right Unfortunately, the only thing this product gave me was a headache. The scent is very strong. Every time I used it, I would get a bad sinus headache. I have fine thin hair and it's in a pixie cut. I think I would have the ideal hair type for this product, but it was dud for me. I used this as directed with no real results. I then tried to use this in a few different ways, but still no volume or lift. I'll stick to my normal hair care products for now! )
I tried this product a few months ago, but on my first use the nozzle quit working when my hair was only half sprayed. I thought it was a fluke and just threw it out. I figured I'd give the product another try because I really need some volume. I bought this product again...and the same thing happened. Clearly a defective design - Stay away from this product. It's a waste of time, money and effort
I'm glad to see I'm not the only one with this problem. I keep purchasing this product in the hopes that it will work until the can is empty. I've returned two some months ago and took a chance and purchased a third one. Today it finally quit spraying even though I tried running it under hot water thinking the nozzle was clogged. Can't imagine what the problem is but I do hope it can be resolved, soon. I do like this product.
I have used lots of L'Oreal products in the past and have been happy with them. I can't even tell you if this product worked well because my first time using it I could not get the can to spray!!!! It's very disappointing when you are excited to try something and never get the chance because of a default of the can!!!
Make sure you hair is exactly how you like it before spraying this stuff This makes your hair so sticky you can't put your fingers through it. I threw the can away after once use. HOrrible
Although this spray works effectively at holding the hair, the smell is so powerful and you can actual taste even the tiniest spritz. Would not recommend to anyone.
I adore the mousse like this spray. I am starting to grow out a style and decided the spray would work better. The first two uses were awesome, but then the nozzle clogged and no product will come out. It is still losing air though. I have taken off the nozzle, soaked it in hot water, scrubbed it with a nail brush--but nothing has worked. I love the price of this line and how my hair looks, but the Boost It-High Lift Creation Spray is a bust.
The product just started dripping. I called Delta and was told that you need to have the original receipt. I bought it about ten years ago. Good luck tracking down a ten year old receipt. I would give Delta zero stars if I could. Buy something different.
It leaks, it won't shut off all the way. constently drips. Would not recomend. I will avoide delta in future
The Movie Was Alright And The Acting Was Ok Too. B-}
I'm disappointed Clorox Bathroom Spray doesn't remove mold. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I love that these are so convenient and smell great. So much easier than finding a cleaning spray and paper towels. I absolutely LOVE. Thanks Clorox
I would have given this product a 5 star review just a couple months ago. The new fragrance gives me migraines and leaves the house smelling like chemicals. Please bring back the old smell!
I was expecting these wipes to have a strong clorox smell but they don't, they actually have a refreshing fragrance. I use them regularly and feel confident that I'm eliminating germs from every surface on which I use them.
I have used Clorox Wipes for years... Cannot live without them (or prefer not to). Now the smell is so irritating, I will have to purchase another brand to continue my Spring cleaning. I've never had such a strong objection to the smell of any cleaning product. Please at least offer a choice in the old vs. new formula.
I liked the old stuff. I just ran out and bought the same product, packaged differently, and the formula is different as well. Not happy. The former product had enzymes of some sort and smelled differently. Also, it didn't foam and this does. I am very disappointed and will now have to experiment with other vendors to find a product with enzymatic action. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
LOVE Clorox wipes, but this batch is horrible. The wipes have separated and won't come out of canister in one piece. They rip and tear apart which then makes using 1 wipe useless. You have to get several out just to clean something. The smell is great tho.
I would give ZERO stars to the New Formula Clorox Wipes. I agree with all the other users that say the new formula smells awful. It may cut grease now but I liked the old streak free formula a lot better and it smelled nice. Whatever is in the new formula that cuts grease also makes my hands burn. I've switched to my store brand now since they work just as well as the new formula and they smell better. And they don't make my hands burn when I use them! And they don't leave streaks all over my bathroom counters, mirrors and stove like the Clorox wipes do now. Everyone (including me) used to love Clorox wipes when they first came out. Learn a lesson Clorox- if it isn't broke, don't try to fix it!
I purchaed 12443842 for 3.28 and 25483701 for 6.37 - the formulas are exactly the same but the prices are drastically different! http://www.walmart.com/ip/Clorox-Disinfecting-Bathroom-Cleaner-30-Fl-Oz/12443842 http://www.walmart.com/ip/Clorox-Company-COX16930-Clorox-Disinfecting-Bathroom-Cleaner-30-oz/25483701 each bottle reads: Ative Ingredients: n-Alkyl (60 C14, 30 C16, 5 C12, 5 C18) 0.1375 dimethylbenzyl ammonium chloride n-Alkyl (68 C12, 32 C14) 0.1375 dimethyl ethlbenzyl ammonium choride 99.7250 other ingredients 100.0000 total
When pulling out a wipe they NEVER come out right. Many time they come out too thin,other times the entire roll tries to come out. Something has changed as this was never an issue before. Be cause it was not an issue i buy the large container.
I normally buy Clorox brand disinfecting wipes over generic wipes because I like the Fresh Scent. I notice that you've changed the scent and strongly dislike it. While I'll look for Lavender scent in the future, I suspect it does not have wide distribution.
I liked the old stuff. I just ran out and bought the same product, packaged differently, and the formula is different as well. Not happy. The former product had enzymes of some sort and smelled differently. Also, it didn't foam and this does. I am very disappointed and will now have to experiment with other vendors to find a product with enzymatic action.
I have a Kohler Devonshire acrylic tub and cultured marble tub surround and vanity top/sinks. For years I have used Scrub Free, which is safe for acrylic tubs and cultured marble. Now, I cannot find this product locally. A friend has the same tub, which she purchased on my recommendation. She cleans it with Lysol Bathroom Cleaner, but although it is approved by Kohler, the product label says not to use it on acrylic. I decided to test the Lysol product and Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner, which is also approved by Kohler. Plus, the label says it is safe to use on plastics. The Lysol product did a good job - the tested locations on tub and countertop were shiny when rinsed and dried. However the Clorox product left the test spots on the tub and counter dull, and I was really afraid it had done damage to the finish. But after cleaning with the Lysol product, the Clorox test areas were smooth and shiny again. I do not recommend using this product on acrylic.
The conditioner was worse than the shampoo, did absolutely nothing if not made my scalp more itchy.
Smells good and liked the way it made my hair feel but did nothing for my scalp.
I really wanted to like this but it left me sticky feeling all day.
Previous Body Butter was stiff and thick, which I truly like. Must have changed the formula since local WalMart started carrying it again. It is to creamy and doesn't stick to the skin like the previous Tree Hut. Had to return Coconut Lime scent, did not like. I will search for another Body Butter that will be thicker and not go on like a lotion. Sorry.
Left me sticky all night long couldn't even sleep had to take another shower
Relieved my itching and moisturized my skin.
I love salt and vinegar chips, but these Lay's Salt and Vinegar chips are patheticWhat I love about them:Inexpensive - compared to other brands of potato chips, these are cheap and are often on saleEasy to find in stores - compared to other brands of potato chips, these are extremely easy to find in stores, and available just about everywhereSalty - these chips are very salty and you taste the salt in every biteWhat I don't like about them:Too much vinegar - these chips have way too much vinegar and have an unpleasing bitter taste to themSoggy/wet feeling and consistency - these chips have a very soggy and wet consistency to them. They feel filmy, like vinegar film, not like salt film, and have a very soggy overall taste that lessens the crunch. They don't feel wet, but the consistency is wet, very unappetizingNot very crunchy - unlike other brands of salt and vinegar chips, these are not very crispy. They are very thin, slightly thicker than paper, and don't really have much of a crispness to speak ofAlways broken chips - every time I've ever purchased this brand of salt and vinegar chips, whether online or in a store, the chips are almost always broken all throughout the bag. The bag is very thin, compared to other brands, and the chips are always brokenAt the end of the day, these are terrible salt and vinegar chips and there are so many tastier and crispier varieties out there, that I no longer consider this brand
I installed this the first of the year in 2014. Medium sized is a bit of a stretch. Wish I would have brought bigger because the wood splits must be small to fit in this stove. The spring handles supplied (2) never were able to stay on. The blower unit which came with this stove began making a loud rattling sound after only three weeks of operation. After the stove gets hot and fired up, it does put out a decent amount of heat for its size.
1800 sq. Ft., not on your best day. Heats 600 sq. Ft. Good. You may have some hot coals after 6 hrs. But the burn time is more like 3 hrs. Logs must be split very small. I thought maybe the bad reviews were because it wasn't being dampered properly, not the case. The good reviews must be employees. Tried it on a 30 degree night in October, not looking forward to January and February. I guess you get what you pay for, lesson learned!
This stove is far from medium size. The fire box cant fit 2 4" diameter logs side by side and if there is anymore than 2 inches of coals good luck putting wood in it without having flaming chunks fall out. Don't count on overnight fire unless you jam as much wood as you possibly can in every Crack and crevis around the wood at 11 at night only then you may still feel some heat at 3:30 am. You need to clean the ash/coals every day or 2 otherwise the build up to muchOn a positive note the stove is easy to light and easy to control the fire. It does throw some serious heat wide open but eats wood rather quickly that way and you will only get 2 hrs per load.
I had my new woodstove installed and it was not only missing the handles (which means I have to use a pot holder to open the door) but the door gasket came apart immediately and I can't run it without smoke setting off my fire alarms.I called the company directly and no one will call me back and address these issues. So I'm stuck with a woodstove that is already installed and wish I would have purchased somewhere else.
We bought this stove online. That was our first mistake. The dimensions that it showed online were way off. Second, The stove has a huge scratch on top that I will have to fix. The welds are horrible as was the factory assembly. We will be taking it back and buying one somewhere else in person.
The firebox demetions is 10 inches deep not 23. This is a toy stove and will only hold a 5 hr burn!!! This is a parlor stove not a primary house heater
I installed this the first of the year in 2014. "Medium" sized is a bit of a stretch. Wish Iwould have brought bigger because the wood splits must be small to fit in this stove.The spring handles supplied (2) never were able to stay on. The blower unit whichcame with this stove began making a loud rattling sound after only three weeks ofoperation. After the stove gets hot and fired up, it does put out a decent amount of heat for its size.
The products in this order came to 31 pounds total weight in the box. The chips were packed ON THE BOTTOM of the box! I ended up with a very expensive bag of crumbs.
Product completely crushed.
When I opened the box all that was left of this product was shreds and crumbs.....The bag had torn open so I couldn't use any of these.....But that can be expected we products are shipped. No ordering again.
The item did not taste fresh. Interestingly, that was the second stale bag of Todtitos chips I had purchase.
Walmart doesn't know how to pack chips. They put the can goods on tops and the chips were so small from being smashed... not good!
bad after taste went stale over night after opening
The Frito products in Houston are borderline stale and sure not the quality I grew up with in Dallas.
Mostly broken in to small pieces was not packed to protect. A plastic salad dressing bottle was in a separate box.
Well I didn't get to enjoy this product because when I opened my box the chips were everywhere, and I was highly upset. Now I know that I can never order chips from Walmart again.
I love Tostitos Tortilla Chips, but I didn't get to eat any of these because the bag was completely opened, like someone had cut it open with scissors from one end to the other. Half the bag was gone and several of them were scattered around the box. This was more than a shipping problem, it appears someone had a snack.
I am getting tired of receiving broken Chips. Stop packing chips with items that can break them up. This happens every time I get chips. Pack in bubble wrap!!!! Stop sending me broken Chips!!!!!!!
I have used your previous version of gel for many years and it was awesome. Now, you go and change the formula and the scent and it is awful. The gel is nowhere near the same product and the scent overpowers cologne. Please go back to the old version.
The new formula does not work for me. It does not give me the volume or hold and it dulls the shine of my hair. The old formula was great for my hair. Now I will be shopping for another gel that works.
I have used Nexxus products for over 20 years. The changes in the new Extra gel have resulted in me searching for other products. I have always liked the hold and the subtle scent of the Extra gel. The new formula is thin and the smell is overwhelming to the point that I can not wear it.
Have been using Nexxus sculpting gel for maybe 3/4 years and now in 2017 you changed your formula and I don't appreciate the product any longer. New formula makes my hair stiff and difficult to comb and style after use. Want to know how could I possibly get the old product back as it was perfect for me. This new one states it gives texture and it just does differently than your old product gel. Please give me info on how to purchase my old Nexxus sculpting gel. Am shopping for a different product now to replace your former gel product. Help.
I loved the old Exxtra Gel. I used it for years and have always feared that I wouldn't be able to find it. It held my hair in place exactly as I desired all day. This new formula has an overwhelming smell. And it holds your hair for about 15 minutes. I may as well put water through my hair. I have read review after review on this new formula which agree with me. Please go back to the original formula. Nexxus has lost my business.
There are no words to tell Nexxus how disappointed I am in their company! I have searched everywhere for the old gel. The new gel is simply awful. I am now in the process of finding a new gel for curly hair and it is painful. I want the old gel back and until it is I will not buy one Nexxus product!
I've used your original formula for years. Now I can't find it or on the rare occasion that I do, the price is insane. What's wrong with letting a good product stay good And, any clue where I can find the old formula at a normal price And the fragrance thing is awful!! And I would absolutely not recommend this formula.
I loved the old formula and used it every day. Tried to use the new one and tossed it after a couple of times. It's so bad for my hair type that I couldn't even finish the tube! I won't buy anymore Nexxus products unless the old formula or something similar comes back.
The change of extra gel is utterly disappointing !
Please change the gel back to one of the old formulas. This one doesn't hold my hair all day and I do not like the smell at all.
Worst product, the sent is very bad and it's almost watery. They need to go back to the original.
I've been using exxtra gel for years, but now my hair is frizzy with no curl definition. Now I need to find a whole new product.
Used the original extra gel forever and loved it. Had to wash my hair after using it for two hours. The scent was sickening.
Used the product for almost 20 years. Now they changed its formula. It no longer holds and a scent was added and it stinks!
THE NEW PRODUCT REALLY IS TERRIBLE, AND STINKS. IT DOES NOT WORK
Been using it for 20 years.now have to look for a new gel after you changed the formula and added the smell.
The new formula has a feminine scent and does not hold as well as the previous version. They lost a customer.
Nexxus has clearly taken this product to an overpriced and over scented cheap hair gel. Everything about it is worse.
I do not like this gel, the old one was amazing, now I'm forced to look for something different.
This new formula is terrible. My hair is frizzy and dry now. How can I purchase the old formula Help!
Bad product, hair felt brittle, and was not so easy to comb through. Do not like the smell either.
this is awful. I used the other one for so long am very disappointed.please bring back the old version thx
SO SAD THEY CHANGED THE FORMULA, LOVED IT THE WAY IT WAS.
I'm going to preface this review by saying the scent is horrible!!! Why did you change. I will no longer purchase this product...
Been using this product for over 15 years. Why would they change a good thing Please bring back the old formula
My husband has used this gel for over 20 years. The new formula is definitely not as good and the scent is unpleasant. Please bring the original formula back.
This new formula dries my hair and has a horrible scent. It does not hold my curls properly. I used the old formula for years and want it to come back!
I have used the prior product for many years . this is TERRIBLE ! doesn't work , smells horrible . switch back now . 0 stars
Different ingredients in new product (oils) not good for fine, thin hair that needs volume. Bring back old product!!!!
I've been using the old one for 10 years and i'm very disappointed with the new version. My hair doesn't look as well as it did when i was using the old one
What happened The old formula was one of the best on the market. The new one is truly awful! Please please please get rid of it and bring back the good stuff!
The new product is like using thick, scented water. It does not hold to the hair. There is no body or volume in my hair anymore. Very flat to my head.
I hate the changed product! The smell is bad too. Why did you change it
Have used Nexxus gel over 20 years and will be changing now.The new formula is weaker then the old one and the fragrance is too strong.
this new formula does NOT hold nearly as well and has way too much fragrance. Searching the internet to find the old version. Bring it back!!!
This does not hold as well as it did before and the fragrance added irritates my asthma. I will not buy any Nexxus product again.
Been using the hair gel for years bought it last week and learned has a new bottle and smells with a weird sent hopefully I can take it back
The new product in to thin so I have to use to much. The smell it overpowering. The old product in the gray container was prefect.
been using this gel for 20 years and it's not the same. Now im looking for something that works like the old one. Bring back the old gel.
The new product is very strong smelling and gave me a headache. I will not be using it in the future.
Why Smell is awful and hold is much worse Already threw it away.
I have used this product for years. The new product has an awful scent.
NOT happy with the change at all - you've lost a customer unless you bring the old formula back .
I do not like the new formula and will try other gels. The old Exxtra Gel was great.
THIS IS A TERRIBLE PRODUCT BRING BACK THE OLD VERSION
This gel is horrible compared to the last version. Please bring back the old version. Thank you.
not buy it again the old one was perfect the new is like others ship with poor quality
I have been using nexus since the 80's, it's very disappointing that you have changed the product!
1st time purchasing in the new bottle. The gel seemed watery I don't care for the fragrance.
Some things are better left unchanged this is definitely an example of that
Bring back the old product, will not be buying this new formula again.
Hate this new product. Please bring back the original.
The New hair gel has too much fragrance. I Liked the original fragrance.
IT'S VERY THIN PRODUCT, DOES NOT HOLD VERY WELL SINCE NEW DESIGN
This formula stinks! bring back the old one!!!!!! Please help!
Did not like prefer the original gel Professional extra gel
I have been using exxtra gel since I was 16 years old. I am now 40.Nothing works in my curly hair but this gel. Nexus changed the formula and the bottle. The new exxtra gel is HORRIBLE!
As many others have said, the new formula does not have the same hold as the old. And the fragrance is horrible. Looks like Nexxus made a big mistake. Remind you of New Coke.
Both my husband and I have been using your gel for over five years. While we like the lighter, less sticky gel, the smell is horrible. Please consider offering an unscented version.
I have been using this product for 10 years, I am very disappointed with this new gel. I have been trying to buy the old one but I haven't been able to find one any where.
I don't know why you changed the product to this watery supposed gel. Its a waste of my hard earned money. Do you know of a company that makes quality like you used to
WHY WHY did you change this. Over 20 years I've been using this. The new formula is awful, dries out my hair and the perfume smell is horrible!!! PLEASE change it back!
Please bring back old formula new one is horrible- smells really bad, dries out hair, doesn't hold
Why is all I would like to know. Don't like the new formula. Just wasted my money buying it. Need to find something new now after many years of using the same product.
I hate this new formula - the scent, the feel, the way my hair looks now is dirty and disheveled. Please bring the old formula back - I am now searching for a new product.
I am completely disappointed with the new gel. I have curly hair and it was the only product that would tame my curls. The new gel is horrible! Please bring back the original.
always used the product and loved it. They changed the formula and its terrible. will throw what is left of new bottle away. Please bring back old gel
Long time user of Nexxus Exxtra gel. Used to be the best product out there. New fragrance is ok but gel is very hard on hair over time. Please bring back old formula.
After using this product for many, many years, it has been changed and it is nothing like the original product. It is not at all effective as a styling gel.
After decades with the same, excellent formula, Nexxus decided to change it up without letting anybody know. Needless to say, the new formula is horrible. Very disappointing.
I have been using all your products for about 20 years. I just want the old gel back. PLEASE!!!!
Doesn't hold my curls, feels like water, and smell is horrible and overpowering. Need original formula back quick!
I've been using this Gel for over 15 years and this new one is not good. The hold is terrible and the sent is awful. Please bring back the old version.
This stuff is not as good as the old gel was. The old gel held my hair in place much better then this new stuff. Please tell me you will go back to the old Gel
So sad they changed the product.. I have used the old gold tube for years and I bought the new pink tube and the scent is nice but the gel is not the same.... Need to find a different product. The a gel was soooo much better!
We are very disappointed that the formula of this gel has changed after so many years. The smell and feel of the product are not the same. Sorry, Nexxus, but you lost a customer. Why can't companies leave good products alone
I've been using this gel for as long as I can remember and unfortunately have bought my last tube - the new formula and fragrance are not good for me - what a disappointment - if it ain't broke, don't fix it!
PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD EXXTRA GEL!! The new one is terrible and I see most people feel the same way I do. Please sell me whatever you have left of the old EXXTRA Gel.
I exclusively used the old version of this product for years and the new version doesn't hold my curls or reduce frizz. Hoping I can at least find a few old tubes while I unhappily search for a new product.
The new formula is horrible......please bring back the old one!!!!
The new formula does not hold like the old. It is greasy and smells bad. The old formula worked great so why change. Please bring back old formula!
Terrible product and so inferior to the old gel product. The old one did the job very well and this one is weak and smells horrible and it fights with my perfumes. You replaced an great product with a bad product.
Been using Nexxus Extra Gel for 18 years. Product was the Best in the market until I recently purchased the new formula gel last month. Please bring the original formula back. Currently searching for a new replacement.
Please bring old formula back, new stuff stinks and doesn't work.
I have been using this gel for years I am a hairstylist and hate the new formula. I can no longer use on myself or clients.I would give this no stars except it won't let me. Consider changing this back to old formula.
I was a faithful costumer for 15+ years! My hair is now dry, curls are unrefined, frizzy, the smell is way toooo strong, please please bring back old formula!!!!
I've relied on the old formula for 20 years to create body for my baby-fine straight hair. The new formula does not do the trick. I'll have to try other brands until I find a gel comparable to the old formula.
My wife and I have used the old gel for many years, hold was perfect! New formula does not hold as well, consistency is completely different and the fragrance is overwhelming. Used twice and stopped, they out full tube!
I have used Nexxus Exxtra gel for years. The recently changed formula including the scent is horrible!!! The hold is different. It's not as good and it seems to have no hold power. PLEASE BRING THE OLD GEL BACK!
The new formula is awful. The fragrance smells like hair perm fluid. There is no hold or shine. And it dries out my hair. It must be full of alcohol or similar chemical. Truly disappointed!
I have been using Nexxus Exxtra gel for over a decade...until you changed the formula and fragrance. The new gel formula does not hold as well and the fragrance is HORRENDOUS!!! Your former loyal customer
I have used this product for years on my naturally curly hair and now I have to find a new product! You ruined a perfectly good gel. The new formula is terrible and does not hold my curls! Change the formula back!
The new product is a huge downgrade. The water and alcohol content cheapens the quality and the product, Please bring back the old product
I have been using this gel for a very long time and Loved it..sorry to say the new fragrance is awful and I will have to find a new product to use. Why, Why, Why do you have to mess with a great product!!!
I have used the previous version of Extra Gel for as long as I can remember and will no longer be using it. The new Extra Gel does not hold as well and the baby powder scent makes my eyes water and my head itch.
Why did you change this product I am now looking for a new gel. It seems every time I find a product I really like, the company either discontinues it or changes it.
This product is so inferior to the original that I am amazed that you have not figured that out yet. The new does not hold at all and the gel leaks out from the top. Please bring back the original.
I've been using Nexxus Gel for over 15 years. It was the best. The new version is horrible. The smell is horrible. I need to find another gel brand. Why did you change it Please bring the old formula back.
I want the old extra gel back! Honestly this product is so bad. I have been using the OLD extra gel for so long and that product was amazing. Please Nexus bring that product back :(
I've used this product for years and loved it. However, with the new packaging came a new scent - can't stand it. I will not be able to use this product again and would never recommend it to anyone.
I also have used this for about 10 years. I also am so disappointed. I am searching for a new product. My hair does not come out looking like it used to. Please bring it back. Why did you change it
I have used the old formula for many years on my very curly hair and it held immaculately. The new formula is just awful! It is watery and smells bad it does nothing for my hair. I am very disappointed.
I'm an Asian guy and have long straight thick black hair, and have used the previous product since the mid-90s. I can no longer use this product because the fragrance is overwhelming. Just awful.
So upset that nexxus changed their gel. It was my favorite for years until it changed. I can't use this new gel. Dries my hair out. I have to find a new gel.
I have used this gel for 20 years and always loved it. They recently changed the formula including the scent and it's horrible. . The hold is different. It's not as good. PLEASE BRING THE OLD GEL BACK.
I am also a user of the exxtra gel for years. I absolutely loved it. The new one is terrible! The smell is ridiculous. Why oh why would you change something that has worked for years!
I have used this product for years for my curls and ABSOLUTELY love it! But it has been changed and it not nearly as good. PLEASE bring back the old formula in the gold tube!
I was a faithful user of the original Gel I absolutely loved it but this new stuff is horrible whoever decided to change this should be fired!
I am so disappointed with the new hair gel formula. The formula does not offer a lasting hold beyond a couple of hours and the fragrance is terrible. BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA, PLEASE!
Terrible!!! You've changed the ingrediants when you went from gold bottle to bronze / copper. Works no where near as good as it used to. Smells different to.
I have used the gel for 20 plus years...the new/revised product does not work nearly as well nor do I like the fragrance.
I used the discontinued gel for decades and I do not like this new gel. It doesn't hold as well and does not provide the shine that the old gel provided. The smell is too strong and I get a headache by the end of the day from the smell. Please bring the old gel back!
I'VE BEEN USING EXXTRA GEL FOR YEARS. I HAVE SHORT STRAIGHT HAIR NOW AFTER LOSING IT TO CHEMOTHERAPY AND LOVED THE BODY AND CONTROL THE EXXTRA GEL PROVIDED. THE NEW FORMULA ADDS NO BODY OR CONTROL WHATSOEVER. I'M RETURNING IT TO THE STORE TO GET MY MONEY BACK.
I have been using exxtra gel since 2000. My hair is huge and frizzy. I have tried every product under the sun and exxtra gel is always the winner. Now you have changed the formula and I can see that most are not happy. Please change it back. Please and thank you
the new gel is terrible. I've been using the old one for 20 years. The new formula doesn't hold and the smell is awful! why would you change it please bring back the old formula asap!!!!
The original product was great! The new product does not even come close to holding the hair as the original did. The new fragrance is also not pleasant. PLEASE bring back the original Nexus Gel Exxtra!!!!!!!!!!
The old gel is better, please it bring back. I don't like the smell of the new gel and it's too watery. A bottle of the old gel lasted for at least 2 weeks, the new gel 1 week.
I've been using exxtra gel since it came out 18,19 years ago and with the change I will not purchase it again looking for a new hair gel as we speak.
I have used your previous version of gel for many years and it was awesome. Now, you go and change the formula and the scent and it is awful. The gel is nowhere near the same product and the scent overpowers cologne. Please go back to the old version.
I have been using this gel for over 10 yrs, i have curly hair and the old gel made my culrs look great, never frizzy. The new formula is terrible, i have lots of frizz and my scalp is itchy. I'm looking for a new product, if anyone finds a great one please post.
I have been using this gel for more than 20 years this new formula is the worst product ever! it smells bad and does not hold even half a day. Not to mention the price increase as well. Very disappointed unfortunately have to look for another product
Absolutely does not give the firm hold the old formula did. Wish you could offer the old formula in addition to the new and see which sells better. Really miss the old product. Can't find a substitute that comes close. Love your shampoo and conditioner though!
I have used this gel for 23 years and always loved it. They recently changed the formula including the scent and it's horrible. my hair smells like an old lady. The hold is different. It's not as good. I DON'T LIKE IT AT ALL PLEASE BRING THE OLD GEL BACK.
This product has a horrible smell and does not hold like the old product. Creating a new product is one thing but pulling the old product off the shelves before knowing how the new product would be received was a poor decision. You left us all in a lurch.
I am searching for another product since my recent purchase of the new albeit not improved EXXTRA gel. The consistency is watered down and the fragrance is unpleasant. I am disappointed and you have lost a customer of many years.
Nexxus Exxtra Gel is no longer a product I will buy. The formulation has changed it does not perform anything akin to the previous product. I've been using this product for many years and will look for a replacement product.
I have been using this product for many years until recently the entire formula was changed. I am not happy with the new formula and I would like to know if I can purchase any of the old formula.
Was my go to product. Now it stinks. Literally. Go back to the old formula please.
This (the old formula) has been my favorite brand for years.. .but no more:( The new formula is terrible. Too lightweight and not the same at all. I have gone from buying one per month to none at all... it's terrible. Please bring the old formula back!
Does not hold, why would you change a great product I have used this for years and years. The only product for my fine hair. I am returning my tube to the store. Please bring back the old formula soon! I would give this product zero's if I could.
I have been using Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for year. I just bought one and its not the same. New formula has a strong perfume scent and it just dried my hair. I loved the old Nexxus Exxtra Gel, not this new one. They should of changed the packaging only. gelfail
I used to love Exxtra gel but now with the new color /design of the bottle the quality changed as well,,, the smell is terrible, left my hair dull, dry, really terrible, I'm very sad because I love Nexxus products,,, please bring back the old formula
I have used the old formula for almost 20 years the current product has less hold and it smells like a hospital antiseptic. Please bring the old formula back -- call it Classic Exxtra Hold or something.
This product is a major drop off from a product I have used for nearly twenty years. I have one tube left of the old product and it is hands down better than the new scent. Like all the other reviews I am finding a replacement for gel at this time.
very disappointed in this product seems you added a lot of water,does not hold well,have to wet it constantly to activate it then just goes back to nothing.i have used your extra hold sculpturing jel for years now I have to find another product
Have used this product for years and loved it. The new formula feels terrible in your hand and in your hair. Not even close to the original and the new scent is overpowering and not needed. Need to find a tube of the original before it's too late...
NEXXUS IS NOW PAST TENSE, YOU LET ME DOWN, FIRST VERSASTYER AND NOW THE OLD BEST EXXTRA GEL.. YOU RUINED MY LIFE, I FINALLY FOUND YOU AND NOW IT IS GONE IN AN INSTANT. THE ONLY PRODUCTS THAT WAS A DEFENSE AGAINST HUMIDITY FOR MY UNRULY HAIR GONE ..
What a disappointment with my recent purchase of Exxtra Gel! The formula changed. The first and only day I used it, I sneezed and had a runny nose all day. The fragrance is overpowering. The hold is not as good either. Why did you mess with perfection
I don't like the new Professional gel...it's gluey feeling and takes forever to blow dry. I liked the crisp finish the old formula left on my hair. And, the old finish would rejuvenate during the day when I ran wet hands through my hair.
The old formula was much better. It stopped my hair from frizzing. It also helped define the curls. Unfortunately, I am now looking for a different brand of Gel to switch to. The sent is also way to strong. Please bring back the old formula!
I have been using Nexxus extra Gel for many years as well as my son. When we purchased this we thought only the packaging changed until we used it. The new formula is terrible. It doesn't hold like the old one. Will not be purchasing again.
I recently purchased the product and thought only the packaging had changed. I was extremely disappointed with the scent of the new product. And like others, the hold on my extremely fine hair is different. PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FORUMULA!
Used the Nexxus gel for over 20 years and liked the way it would hold my hair. The new formula is too watery, has no hold to it and has a strong smell. Why try to fix something that's not broken. Please bring back the old formula .
Been using this product for many years. It held where others couldn't. The new formulation has a bad fragrance, but, even worse, it doesn't work. It doesn't hold anything like the old formulation. Perhaps call it Lesser instead of Exxtra.
Unfortunately I have used the old formula because it worked better then all the other stuff out there. The new formula is the same as all the other cheap gels on the shelf. This was not a great change and I have to find a new gel.
The new formula does not work for me. It does not give me the volume or hold and it dulls the shine of my hair. The old formula was great for my hair. Now I will be shopping for another gel that works.
I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for many years. Recently bought 2 new tubes and hate it. It does not work at all like the previous formula and the scent is terrible. Who made this decision I want my money back.
My husband and I both use Extra Gel and have for many years. Since they changed the formula and the packaging we DO NOT like it at all! The fragrance is horrible and it does not hold like the old formula. I will never buy it again!!
Who idea to have this product change. I have use this product for over 25 years and was so disappointed that is is not holding to it quality very bad.... I am searching for any other product
Please revert back to the old Exxtra Gel. I used this product for over 20 years. The horrible smelling fragrance and different formula are a HUGE mistake. I will no longer buy this product, and I'm sad I purchased my usual 2 tubes.... :-(
We have used the old product for years. The new product has a distinctly unpleasant odor but even more importantly it is watery and doesn't work. Fortunately I found a store that still had several tubes of the old product. Unless Nexxus brings back the old formula we will be shopping for another brand.
I have been using the Nexxus Exxtra Gel for many years and have been very happy with its performance...until the change in packaging and formula. The new formula does nothing for my hair except make it feel weighed down and dirty. I will be looking for a new product. This new version is horrible!
The container seam has split open on the last two purchases about 1/2 way through the product, making it messy and difficult to use. I hope you will be able to correct the problem it is a real inconvenience.
The bad reviews are right- the new gel formula is watery. I was using the product for over ten years to smooth straightened hair in a ponytail (my hair is naturally curly). Now it causes my edges to curl up and gives no hold, and creates bad texture. Bummer.
I had been using the old formula for a great number of years an loved it. The new formula is thinner, has a stronger fragrance which competes with my cologne and has less hold. I can't image why Nexxus would find this to be an improvement. NOT a good move. I want my old product back!!!
Can't stand the new product--had to return it all. The smell was more than I could stand. Sad----the old product was great and I relied on it for years for both its holding power and decent smell. Hey Nexxus----ever heard of Focus Groups
I have used this gel for several years and loved it. The new formula's scent is awful and the gel doesn't hold my hair like the old formula. I will not buy another tube of this gel. I don't understand why it was changed in the first place.
I've been using this gel for years and the new formula isn't working. I have pretty dry and coarse hair so I love the wet look to keep it tame and this new bottle doesn't hold my hair at all like the old. The new formula makes my hair look like straw after 20 minutes. PLEASE BRING THE OLD BACK!!!
I have bought Nexxus products forever. The only gel I can find is this new product. I purchased two tubes being I use a lot. I have never been so disappointed, it does not hold and with the humidity my hair is nothing but frizz. Why oh why must you change things. Moving onto other products!
There are no words to tell Nexxus how disappointed I am in their company! I have searched everywhere for the old gel. The new gel is simply awful. I am now in the process of finding a new gel for curly hair and it is painful. I want the old gel back and until it is I will not buy one Nexxus product!
Like the other reviewers I used your Exxtra hold styling gel for 15+ years. The new gel is lighter somehow and does not offer Exxtra hold. The new scent is ok, but the more watery and less gel like composition of your new product is a non starter for me. Please, bring back the original!
I have used the Nexxus gel for many years but was disappointed with the scent of the new product. Unfortunately the scent is too strong for my taste and I will be finding a new hair gel. I wish I would have known about the change because I would have stocked up on the old version.
I've been using this product for years and I just opened the new bottle. It smells awful and did not hold in my hair like the old product. This is very disappointing because it's extremely difficult to find good hair gel for curly hair. If they're smart, Nexxus will change the formula back!!
Why change a good thing This new product is so awful I didn't even want to give it one star. It's rancid. Horrible. So now I'm enraged. The old formula was the only product that worked in my hair. So now what Definitely not buying the new formula ever again.
I was an advis user of Nexxus Extra Gel. I recently purchased a new bottle. I absolutely LOVE the fragrance, however they must have changed the formula because my curls are not the same. I wish they would go back to the original formula. It's just not the same. Sorry Nexxus.
I have used nexxus exxtra gel for long time since change of formula I don't like it at all it doesn't hold hair as well and it smells aweful. I will need to find another gel till old formula comes back. This is Terrible loved old formula
The new formula Exxtra Gel (copper-colored tube) is awful. It is thinner (runny-er), doesn't hold, as smells different. This is even worse than the debacle Coca-Cola had with New Coke.
Not the same formula! No hold. Why did you change a great thing I am returning this tube to the store. I will not buy this again unless you bring back the old formula that I used and loved for years. Would rate a zero if I could.
I'm very disappointed with the new version of Exxtra Gel. The scent is unbearably strong and overpowering. It makes my hair smell like overly-perfumed baby wipes. This was not a good change and I want my old gel back (and my money, too).
The new formula with the cooper tube has an awful strong smell. I am a man and I can't stand the smell. Did the company think NO man was using their gel...and made the new one with such a strong feminine odor Very disappointed.
I have used this product for over 15 years. It WAS the best. The new formula is sticky and it stinks. Please bring back the old formula. I've noticed that everyone agrees. Why did you change it
I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years and it was fantastic. The new formula is awful. Too much fragrance and does not leave hair feeling the same. I will not use it.
I have used this product for years and loved it. I went to buy more and noticed the tune was different and the product now horrible. Scent is bad and consistency had changed. Time for me to change to a different gel.
This was my go to gel for the past 10 years I've gotten all my family and friends hooked on it and the recent changes made to the formula has definitely lost its magic touch. Please please Please go back to the old ways. Thanks Jesse
Please bring back the old one, as others I have been using it for years and was very satisfied. I am bringing the new one back to the store and going to try to find a new gel that doesn't stink.
Unfortunately you lost a loyal customer. I have used this product for over 10 years. It was the only product that worked with my hair. Very unhappy that you changed an awesome product. Very unhappy
I too have used this product for years and am EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED in the new gel. It is too watery and does not keep my curls under control the way the old gel did. PLEASE bring back the old gel!!!
I have used this gel for at least 20 years with great success. The new formula is awful. The scent is nasty and overpowering. It doesn't hold like it used to. It also makes my hair look greasy. Please bring back the old formula!!!!
The previous product (Exxtra Gel) worked great, but now the new product (the same brand as before) does not work at all, the strength of which is not enough to hold the hair style. Can you tell me the difference
New formula smells bad and does not have the hold like it used to
THE OLD GEL WAS THE BEST PRODUCT ON THE MARKET. WHY CHANGE A GOOD PRODUCT THE NEW GEL IS BAD AND DOES NOT WORK AS DESCRIBED, THE QUALITY IS BAD BAD BAD
New products is terrible. Yes it smells but consistency is like water. It does not hold my curls like original product. They took away my favorite shampoo, now my gel. Looks like it's time to change product line all together.
Not happy with this new formula. The smell is bothersome and it is very runny. The old formula was thicker and had a pleasant smell. I have been using this product for years and I am sad I have to find something new to use.
I have been using this product for almost 20 years and love it for my curly hair. But since the formula changed, it does not hold the curls and leaves my hair frizzy by the end of the day. Please please bring back the old formula!!!
I have used Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for almost 20 years and am very upset that the formula has changed. It does not compare with the old Gel and I don't like the strong smell. Please give us our old formula back. If you don't I have to find something else.
Simply put, the new product does not work. Have been a loyal customer for years but will have to switch. This was a big mistake in changing the formula as you will definitely lose long-term customers. I hope you reconsider your decision and bring the old formulation back.
Like almost everyone else I absolutely can't stand this new formula. I've been using this gel for 20+ years. Nothing came close to the old formula. Now the new formula stinks (smell), doesn't work as well. I'm looking at alternative gels. Nexxus messed up BIG TIME!!!!!
I've been using Nexxus Gel exclusively for over 10 years. The old formula was the best. Why did you change it The new formula is horrible. The smell is horrible. Please bring back the old version. I can't use this horrible smelling new version. I will need to find another gel company.
I have no idea why you felt you had to change your product. I have thick hair and the old formula worked great. Also the new scent is bad. I wish I could say you improved the product but you've made it worse. I'm forced to look for another gel. Please bring back the old formula!
I have been using this product for many years and it was superior to all others on the market. I just bought a new tube two weeks ago and it different. It no longer holds my hair in place and is much more watery. I will no longer buy this product as it is.
New formula smells bad and does not hold like the old formula. I also had a problem where the tube broke open on the side and started leaking. The packaging feels and looks real cheap. After 10 plus years of using this product I'm now looking for a new gel.
I HAVE BEEN USING THE PREVIOUS GEL PRODUCT FOR YEARS AND WHEN I WENT TO PURCHASE A NEW ONE SINCE MINE RAN OUT , I BOUGHT THIS ONE I USED IT ONCE AND WITHIN 6 HOURS OF USING IT, I HAD TO REWASH MY HAIR BECAUSE I COULDN'T STAND THE SMELL! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wife and I used this for years. Used to be a wonderful product until they added the disgusting smell to the new line. Searching for another product--cannot use this one any more. Very disappointed former customers.
The new formulas for your gel and hairsprays are horrific. I depended on the old formulas for many, many years. This stuff is awful.
I used to use the Nexxus Exxtra Gel all the time before they changed to product and added fragrance. The gel did not hold up well anymore and my hair smelled like a woman kind of hard to use it when your man. Wish they still had the old non fragranced gel.
The original Nexxus Styling Gel was amazing! Please offer the original back. We are forced to seek a new gel after being with Nexxus for over 15 years. The new formula is horrible: hold is not as good, smells terrible, seems like alcohol or similar to the basic cheap gels.
Customer for 5 years / Found Alternative Product but would be Happy to become a Loyal Customer Again if the product is returned to its Original Formula.
This new gel is awful. I noticed the Nexxus comment that the old improved formula was coming back. Nexxus please advise ETA. Thanks. Jack
The Gel is the worst reformulation of a product, ever. It was always a FANTASTIC product, held good, smelled good, but now it does not hold, and you can't tell where you put it on your wet hair. It does not hold nearly as well, and it smells horrible.
The old formula was great, held curl after styling. New formula is not effective at all, I threw the rose colored tube away.
I am so disappointed that the formula for EXXTRA gel was changed. I have very curly hair and have been purchasing this product for years. The scent is the worst part . . . please consider going back to the old fragrance! I have scoured every store shelf for the old product and purchased every remaining tube I can find.
All I see is negative reviews! Have used this for as long as I can remember. I cannot believe they changed the formula. Very disappointing. Any recommendations on a similar product to the old formula
I have been using Nexxus Extra Gel for a very LONG time. Will stop using since the new product (bronze casing) came out. It is totally ineffective and is a major step down from original product. No longer keeps my hair in place and in actuality, does nothing good for my hair. Will look for better product outside of Nexxus.
I've used Exxtra hair gel for over 15 years. I am extremely disappointed with this new gel. The scent smells horrible and the texture of the gel has changed. It does not hold like the old one. I will not be using this product anymore and will have to find a new product to use soon. Please bring back the old Nexus Exxtra Gel.
Completely unusable. I have used this for the last 10 yrs, but needed to switch to another product. The old product had a very mild fragrance and was fine for a guy to use in a professional work environment. I have switched to a Redken, but would switch back in a minute if they brought back the old product.
I loved this product before the recent change. I would go anywhere to find it, but it has changed in the last couple of months to a terrible formula with far too much perfume. it went from being in a class all it's own to just another over scented, under performing hair gel. I will now be on the hunt for a new product.
I have been using your gel for way over 20 years. I tried the new gel for my curly hair and it makes it frizzy and just doesn't hold the way the old gell did. I've spent tons of money trying to find a new gel with no luck! I am very disappointed and don't know what to do. Bring back the old gel Nexxus! Why did you change it
I've been using this product for over 10 years. Even after trying countless other brands, I always come back to this one. That is until now. Why tamper with perfection This new formula leaves my curls dull and frizzy. I hate to say it, but I really dislike this new version. Please bring back the original.
The new gel is absolutely terrible. The consistency of the gel is runny and smells bad. It doesn't hold and very difficult to work into the hair since it feels like water when it melts within seconds. Please bring back the old formula. You have a lot of very disappointed customers that are forced to buy different brands.
Why on earth did you change the formula of the Nexxus Salon Hair Care Exxtra Gel, Superior Hold Not only does the new reformulation not have the same strong holding capacity as the old product, the fragrance is obnoxious and too powerful. My coworkers are all complaining about the smell, and it's causing them to sneeze!
Finally used up the last of my old tube and ordered this, not knowing they changed it. Terrible. I will not buy another Nexxus product unless they bring the old formula back. I'm sure they won't though, a shame.
The package being changed didnt concern me when I last bought this product. The formula changes you made was very disappointing. I was able to find some of the previous gel formula online and stocked up. But unless the old formula is brought back I will no longer purchase this product.
I'm not sure why there was a need for a change. I have used the old formula for years! Please bring back the old formula.
I'm not sure why you changed the formula. I have curly/frizzy hair and this is the only product since the 1980's that seems to hold my curls. The new formula doesn't hold as well and the smell is horrible - like cheap perfume. Very disappointed and need to find a new product - please change back to the old formula!!!
Not nearly as good as before. The scent is not good. The gel seems runnier and does not hold as well. Just bring back the old formula!!!! I would switch back if I could get the old gel!!!! For now I have moved on to a better product.
I have used the Exxtra Gel product for well over 15 years. The recent change and new formula is thinned out (low viscosity) and now has a heavy hair spray scent. You guys ruined a really great product. Sadly I'm looking to buy up all the remaining old formal I can find and then when I run out I'll look else where.
I will keep it simple, I have used this product for over 10 years and the new formula is horrible and isn't even close to the original. You have lost a customer unless the is a big change and hopefully back to the original.
I have been using this product for a long time and the company has switched to a new product and packaging. Don't like it one bit....it's horrible and I loved the old product...Sorry as I don't like bad reviews, but this has to be done that someone made a big mistake. It just does not hold my hair like it use to.
The formula change is terrible. The product doesn't work nearly as well and the smell is so bad I can no longer use it. I see from previous comment responses that you are planning on changing it again. I hope that happens soon. The new product is going in the trash.
I have used this gel forever and loved it!! WHY did you change the formula It does now have a different 'smell', which I like, but the gel now does nothing for my hair, when before this change it managed my hair beautifully. Guess I'm off to find a new gel....so sorry to leave Nexxus behind....
Does not hold as well as the previous product. Noticeably different. I use to but 4-5 tubes at a time since they were hard to find. Now I am looking for a replacement product. No idea why Nexxus changed the product. Crazy!
I have course, curly, long hair and I was using your Exxtra Gel in the grey bottle. It really held my hair nicely in almost any weather. When you replaced it recently, I tried it and was really upset. It doesn't hold my hair as nice and the scent is awful. It smells like a men's cheap cologne. Why did you go and change a product that was perfect
The NEW formula has very weak hold capability and smells of baby powder...I've been using this Gel for over 18 years and loved it! I think Nexxus saved money by using a less-effective ingredient and tried to make it look improved with the copper-looking bottle -- garbage compared to the OLD formula!!! Thanks RD, I need to find a new Gel now!
The gel may be in a shiny new bottle , but the product lacks the quality it once had . Too much ammonia or alcohol ,the smell is overwhelming to say the least ,and the results are obvious with the dry frizzy hair after using the newer bottle . I have used this product for several years , and I am very unhappy with the change .
I've used your original formula for years. Now I can't find it or on the rare occasion that I do, the price is insane. What's wrong with letting a good product stay good And, any clue where I can find the old formula at a normal price And the fragrance thing is awful!! And I would absolutely not recommend this formula.
As a 10+ year user I truly am confused why they would change the formula...there is clearly nothing better from feel to scent in the new formula...I now have to search for a new option...given the price point and efficacy of the new formula nexus is no longer a option...hopefully they will bring back the old formula...and I will be back
It's funny and sad at the same time to read soooo many people like myself do not like this new product. The hold and the texture it gives my hair is terrible. Big mistake to let the old formula go. I too will be moving on to something else. Please bring old formula. The smell is different. I think corners were cut and now the quality was too. Sad.
I only wish I knew that Nexxus would plan a drastic change to the formula for the Exxtra Gel. While the price is the same there it has an awful smell while the feel and the performance are not even close. Too bad I was a loyal buyer for years of the previous product!
I have used this product for over 20 years and can't believe they changed it! like all other reviews smells horrible , consistency is watery and leaves hair crunchy. I have been on the hunt for something that works the, same and haven't found anything! So if any of you have please share!
I used the old formula for years and loved it's consistency and smell. It did not gunk up my hair or flake. This new version is awful and I will not buy another product from your company until you bring back the old formula.
I used your products for 15+ years and was so happy when I finally found a product that worked. Then I bought a bottle of the new stuff and I'm so disappointed. It doesn't hold like the old stuff use to no matter how much you put in your hair. The smell doesn't bother me but now I do not have a hair gel that works. So frustrating!!!
I've been using the regular Nexxus styling gel, not the professional. Absolutely love that product. Couldn't find, so I thought the professional was just different packaging. Wrong. It's a totally different product. Doesn't hold the curl or control the frizz. Makes my hair feel weird the fragrance is horrible. Do not like it at all.
Very displeased with the new formula that does not work well in my hair. I am now forced to buy a new product and sadly, I've been buying this product for many years. Been seeing the same types of reviews-on this product-all over the Internet. Hope Nexxus brings back the old formula when they realize that the new just isn't as good...
I've been a user of Nexxus hair gel for 10+ years because it worked. Now I' m forced to find a new product. The new formula has caused me an allergic reaction and now I have to deal with a rash on my neck and scalp. Please bring back the original formula. The new formula not only smells awful but it doesn't have the same hold.
I agree with the individual who posted earlier. I do not like the change to the new formula at all. I have used this styling gel for 20 years (maybe more), and this new formula does not have the consistency or the holding power that the old gel had. This one feels more like water with an alcoholic smell. Why did you change this
Worst stuff ever, smells bad, flakes and does not hokd
I've used Exxtra Gel for 20 years - it WAS the best styling product on the market. New formula smells like body odor and it doesn't perform as well. HORRIBLE!!! I used it and had to wash my hair to get the odor out!!! PLEASE bring back the original formula. Why did you change such a great product
I have used the previous version of this for about 20 years. The new version has a strong, talcum powder/baby oil smell and does not hold. Switching to another brand if the old version is no longer available. Bad decision by whoever the product manager is. Wife bought 2 bottles not knowing and they are going in the recycle bin.
I have been using EXTRA GEL ever since I can remember. Until recently I was getting it in the grey tube and one day I couldn't find it anymore and picked up the EXXTRA GEL I used it for a week and found that it does not work like the old product and it also stinks. I was lucky to find a tube of the old product but now it has run out and I am stuck trying to find something else. Please go back to the old formula IT WORKS!!!
This new product doesn't hold and makes my hair frizzy.
The new gel stinks like a heavy perfume and it doesn't hold well. We've used this product for years but will be finding something else now.
I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years and just purchased a new tube. I am very disappointed in the new product. It has made my hair oily and I do not like the scent. I will be looking for a replacement product on my next shopping trip. I can't imagine why you changed something that was so good to begin with. Also, the new tube has a lot more ingredients than my old tube. Please go back to the original recipe.
I too have been using Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years. Nothing else worked as well. It was my all-time favorite gel. I have thin fine hair which I would blow dry and then curl after using about a tsp. or so of gel. It would hold without being sticky or perfumy. The new gel in the pink tube is horrible. I will throw it away. It does not work as well, makes my hair look dirty/sticky and I am repulsed by the fragrance.
This new formula is BAD. What were they thinking when changing this. It is thin and has no holding power. It smells awful. (especially for guys) Why wouldn't you have left the best (old version) holding gel alone. After using this product 25 years I will have to find a new gel. Maybe if we are lucky, they will bring the classic version back soon.
After I wrote the first review I wanted to add some thoughts to it. There is nothing about the new product I like or will continue to use. The smell is terrible just like alcohol. It has no feel, I can't even tell where I put it on my hair. When you wash your hands after applying it you can't even feel there is anything to was off. Too much alcohol, afraid it is going to really dry out my hair.
After years of using the previous version of the Nexxus Exxtra Gel, my husband has decided to switch brands because he doesn't like the product changes. He said it doesn't hold as well as the old gel and both us think the new fragrance is cloying. I wish cosmetic companies would stop being so heavy handed with the scents and take into consideration that as with perfumes and colognes not everyone enjoys the same scent.
I have used Nexxus for years, I have fine hair, it was the best gel I had ever used. But no more, it is thin and smells like dish soap. The new tube does not make it any better. I wish I had known they were going to change it. I would have bought a boat load of the old gel.
I have used Nexxus products for over 20 years. The changes in the new Extra gel have resulted in me searching for other products. I have always liked the hold and the subtle scent of the Extra gel. The new formula is thin and the smell is overwhelming to the point that I can not wear it.
I have been hunting for the grey/tan bottle for months but can only find themes rose colored tube gel. Please go back to the grey tube. The old formula was perfect for my curls. I can't find any products out there now that I like including the new rose bottle. It just doesn't hold anything! Besides I used to get so many compliments with the old formula now I just look like a frizz ball!! So sad!!
Please bring back the old formula! I echo the voice of many here. I have used Exxtra Gel for many years. I have straight hair. The old formula helped style my hair and the shine could not be touched by any other brand. I too, would get many compliments. I will use it again. Please, please bring back the old formula. Do you have an ETA
First, the consistency is not as good as the previous formula. It does not provide that HOLD as compared to the previous one. Second, it smells just soooooooooo awful!! The previous formula has served not just I but countless satisfied and very happy users/consumers for the last few years if not decades. This current product just DOES NOT do the job. I WILL NEVER BUY THIS PRODUCT!!! Very disappointed!
I've been using Nexxus Exxtra gel (old formula) for 15 yrs and it was amazing. I realized that the product composition changed when the new formula came out and it is such a great disappointment!!!!! The new formula does not HOLD my hair in place whatsoever... What a waste of a product.... I'm so upset that you did this... WHY Can anyone out there recommend an alternative product.... Oscar
I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years and have loved its ability to hold my hair in place. But the formula for the gel recently changed and it is more like water now than gel. I can't believe that they call it Exxtra hold, because it barely holds my hair in place and I need to use a lot of it. I hope someone reads this and pays attention. If something doesn't change I will not be using it any longer.
I bought this gel that I have been using for over 15 years on my curly hair. OMGosh!! The formula changed!!! My curls were no longer bouncy and the smell of the gel was over powering. Gave me a headache. The old Exxtra hair gel made my hair look amazing. The new Exxtra hair gel gave me a bad hair day!! Now, I have to spend a ton of money looking for a new gel. Bring back the old product, please, please!!!
I have been using this product for over 10 yrs. I have thick, curly hair and seems like this WAS the only gel that worked. I have three bottles at home of the new packaging but it seems not only did you change the packaging but you changed the gel. It does not hold my hair at all and doesn't even feel like I have gel in. I will be returning my unopened bottles and will be looking for a new gel to use!!!
Bring back old formula he new one smells terrible I am switching to another brand
This is the first time I have ever written a review on a product. I have been one of your most loyal customers of the the extra gel for the past 15 years. Now you changed packaging and the product. It has made my curl hair so frizzy. I have maintained loyality when you jacked up the pricing over the years because it was the best product. I have Shared my product with my friends I talk about your product. I do not like the new look or product. Please change it back! If I had a choice I wouldn't even put one star next to the review!!
I had been using exxtra gel for years, until you decided to change the formula. It took me most of my life to finally find a gel that truly worked in my hair. At first I thought it was just the packaging, but the first time I had to buy a new bottle (I was using one every two weeks, as I have very long hair) I was appalled at the smell. It only got worse when I actually tried to use it in my hair. It is thin and sticky and not at all the same. And it seems I am not the only one that is extremely dissatisfied. BRING IT BACK!!!!
My husband and I have used the Exxtra gel for many years. I have very thick hair and it has always been the best and controlling it. However, since the change (now in this bronze looking package) the product has also changed. It doesn't hold as well as the former product, and the scent is too strong. Very, very unhappy customers. We have been forced to try other products (can't take the smell of this product all day). Thus far, we have been unsuccessful - but Pantene seems to be the closest to the former Nexxus Gel we so loved.
I have used your gel for many years and have loved it. But this formula along with the unbelievably strong, bordering on obnoxious fragrance. The new gel formula does not hold as well or for as long and the strong fragrance gave me a headache. I will never use your gel again and so very disappointed in a company that would change their product for what looks like change for changes sake. I see in other reviews you ask the person to call you. I have said all I want to say. Silly response from a well known and respected company.
Bad Move Nexxus. I have been using Nexxus shampoo and styling gel for 27 years. Now all of a sudden you decide to change your Nexxus Exxtra Gel. when you change a product you should make it better NOT worse! It does not hold as well and the new fragrance is overpowering. bring back the old formula! A piece of advise from one business person to another: When you have a very good product that people like, DON'T change it. Don't try to fix something that isn't broken. Thank you for forcing me to search for a replacement brand!
I can no longer find the original Exxtra Gel - Superior Hold gel that I've been using for years, so I did try your new formula. I do not like it. I returned it. I find that the new formula does not hold as well as the original, and the new scent is way too strong! From your responses to the other disappointed reviews, I'm guessing that you will suggest I call your customer service number, which I will, but will Nexxus consider bringing the original formula back
I have naturally curly hair and finally found a wonderful product with the Nexxus Exxtra Gel many, many years ago. Recently, the formula has changed and the hold is terrible!! My hair is a mess and the gel offers no help. PLEASE bring back the old gel formula!!
I've been using the old formula for 30+ years. It was awesome. Bring it back! Meanwhile, I'm switching to another brand.
I have been using this Gel for 16 years and I went to the store the other day to find out it changed . I thought it was only the design , but this Gel is completely different now , the hold is not near as good and doesn't last like the old one, and the WORST part is it smells like baby powder. 3 different people have already commented it smells like baby powder while I was around In the same day I purchased it. PLEASE bring back the Original formula . For now I will no longer by this Gel after such a long time .
I have been using this hair gel for over 10+ years. I have curly mixed people hair and the old formula did wonders to my hair. I would tell everyone about the hair gel. The new formula is horrible. Its watery and smells horrible. It doesn't even hold my curls like the old formula. And its more flaky. And the bottle splits apart and the gel leaks out the side. I am so upset they changed the formula when it worked so well. I hope they change the formula back. The gel cost too much money to not work.
My husband has been using this gel for at least 15 years. A few weeks ago when I went to buy him a few new bottles (I always buy at least 3 at a time) I could no longer find it. I finally bought him the new gold bottle and hoped it would work. Well, after 3 weeks using it he said there was no way he could continue with it. He gave it a fair try but said he hates everything about it. The consistency, the smell, and most importantly it doesn't hold. Guess, we will start at square one and began testing gels.
Have used this product for over 10 years, even outside of the US when i lived in EU. This new product is runny, doesn't hold, and smells terrible. The scent is so strong you literally smell like you just bathed in baby powder... not exactly the next scenario when working in an office. It has been over 8 hours since i put some in my hair, and i can still smell it... in the air around me. If this is the only type of gel you can get through Nexxus now, i am going to be forced to look for something else.
I've been using Nexxus Exxtra Gel for 30 years and loved the old formula because it provided great hold for my straight hair and was fragrance-free (at least to my sense of smell.) The new formula provides no hold and the scent gives me terrible headaches. Please bring back the old formula! Thank you.
I've used the old formula for as long as I can remember and loved it. This new stuff just doesn't come close. Change it back please
I am so disappointed with the new gel. Why did you change the old gel I was a loyal customer for ten years at least. I recommended this product to so many people. I have thick, curly and frizzy hair, and this stuff was the BEST product. Also there was no strong scent. Now I am at a total loss. I cannot imagine that anyone is happy with the change and the scent is horrible. If people want a strong scent they should wear perfume, not get the smell in their hair gel. Why did you change it
I have been using this gel for over 10 years and I hate the new formula!!! I, like many of the other reviewers, are very unhappy with the new smell and way this product works. The smell is soooo strong and not in a good way!! My hair is so greasy now and my curls look horrible!! I've been spending all morning online researching new hair gel because I really don't want to use this new Nexxus gel any longer ( I'm really bummed out with this new change!!! Bring back the old gel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have been using your sculpting gel for quite a few years now and found it really made a difference for my straight hair to hold a style. This new formulation in the pinkish bronze tube does nothing at all, has no hold to it. I do not recommend it for any hair type. So why did you change your formula, Nexxus
I loved the old formula and used it every day. Tried to use the new one and tossed it after a couple of times. It's so bad for my hair type that I couldn't even finish the tube! I won't buy anymore Nexxus products unless the old formula or something similar comes back.
This new formula of gel is terrible! The smell is too strong, and it dries my hair out! The old formula was fantastic! Bring it back! I have long naturally curly hair, and the old gel worked perfectly to keep away the frizz. It made my curls defined and my hair looked wonderful! It's hard finding just the right product, and the new gel isn't it. Please bring back the previous formula!!!!
I have been using this gel for a long time and finally found a gel that works great with my curly hair. You recently changed the formula and the scent and it is not the same. I have more fly aways in my hair than ever before.Now I have to find a new gel.The name of the gel is the same but NOT the product....Please Please bring back the old version. Why change something that works just fine
I have used Nexxus Extra Gel for years! This product is nothing like what I use to buy. It has a fragrance which I do not like but the worst part is that is does not give my hair the body and hold I use to get. It makes my hair soft and I can't make it do anything. I have short, thinning hair and the old extra gel gave me body and hold. I am so disappointed. Please bring back the old extra gel!
I used this product for 5+ years on my thick curly hair. It was the best until they changed not only the packaging but the product itself. It is now horrible. Does nothing for my curl. Leaves my hair frizzy, unmanageable and makes my hair feel dirty. The smell is not good either. I'll be returning both tubes to the store and will begin my search for a new product. No more Nexxus products for me.
I am so sad that nexxus changed their extragel. I have been using this gel for approx 10 years, it is the ONLY gel I've used because it was so awesome. This new product is awful. It smells gross, feels sticky and cheap and just plain does not work - at all. I have no idea how I'm going to find a new product that works as well as the old extragel. Please nexxus, bring back the original extra gel!!
I loved the Nexxus Exxtra Gel Superior Hold Sculpting gel in the light bronze tube. I guess it's discontinued because I can't find it any more. Bought the peach colored tube that sounded like the same product, but the fragrance is horrible (Blue Waltz cologne) and the product left my hair sticky. Now I've got to find another product because this one will be leaving with the trash tomorrow.
As I'm sure you know by now, and comments by your company indicate, you will be bringing back the old formula because the vast majority of folks thinks your new version is terrible and unless this is changes soon, you will loose decades old customers including myself. My question is when should we see this--You need to get on it and make this happen very quickly.
I have been using this product for 20+ years and was extremely satisfied with the old formula. I am very disappointed in the new formula. The new formula does not hold well at all compared to the old formula. Unfortunately, I am in search for a new product. I really hope Nexxus brings back the old formula.
One would think that the staggering number of negative reviews of the new formula would coax the Nexxus folks into bringing back their old formula. I cannot fathom the decision behind continuing this new, ineffectual formula which, as far as I can tell, has only succeeded in losing customers.
I went into my local target to buy this gel. at first i thought they were sold out because i couldn't find the gold colored bottle. I saw another bottle, same shape, but metallic gold. long story short, nexxus has changed the ingredients and it no longer has the same hold as the previous one. So disappointed since i have been using this gel for countless years. Time to look for another gel.
Please bring the old product back. I used it for decades and loved it
I, like the majority of consumers here, have used this product for 10+ years and find the new formulation to be just awful! I have noticed the response from your customer relations states the product will be restored soon....can you provide more information about that How soon Will it be the same as it was Thank you!
I just bought the new formula, new packaged, Extra Gel. It HAS TOO MUCH PERFUME! There is a cloud of perfume odor around my head, all day. Ugh. I have been using this product for 25 years because is holds curls great, and did not have a strong perfume. Why did you change it Please take the perfume out! Don't buy this new version unless you want people to smell you before you arrive.
The old formula held your hair much better and it didn't have such an overpowering scent. My hair is thick and coarse and the old formula was the only thing that worked to keep my hair in place. The new formula doesn't work for me and my Dr. says He can't handle the smell. I'm not to happy about it either. Bring back the old formula with a different name. Maybe exxtra gel 2
I have been using the Nexxus EXXtra Gel since the late 80's. So I am used to new packaging and looks. However, this time you have absolutely destroyed a great product. The hold isn't as good, and the smell. Yes I said smell, not fragrance. It smelled like I had a salon following me around all day. I couldn't wait to get home from work and get it out of my hair. Thanks for nothing!!
Change for the better is always appreciated..........in this case,....it failed miserably!!! The new formula along with its new scent misses the mark completely. You have changed the product so dramatically that it's not anywhere near the same caliber of product that it replaces. Please have this new product re-evaluated and return it to its original formula without the new scent.
I have used this gel for many years and was super sad to see the new formula. I have given it a chance and used it for 2 weeks trying to see if I could use more, add mousse, dry it less, or anything to get the same results as I did with the old formula. All to no avail. My hair is frizzy by lunch time, it doesn't hold a good shape, and it just doesn't do the job . I can even overlook the smell if it held decently. Please bring the old stuff back! Until then, I am on the hunt for a new gel.
I feel like this is New Coke moment for Nexxus. Please bring back the formula that everyone loves and has been using for decades. I cannot bear the new formula...it's thinner, has a strong chemical scent, and leaves an awful residue in the hair.
I agree with all the other reviews. The old gel was the only one that held my curly hair in place, and I used it loyally for 10 plus years. The new formula is just awful! The smell is so overpowering that others have commented on it, and it doesn't remotely hold the same. I threw my bottle away after three days and am also in search of a new product. Please bring back the old formula to all your loyal users, especially ones with curly hair. It's hard to find products that work for us!
I called nexxus when I bought the new gel and let them know the old formula is the only gel that has ever worked in my hair. I Have very long thick curly hair and use 4 bottles a month , I went out and searched every store for all the old bottles left on the shelves at home Ievery store that carried it. I am now looking for something different to start using. Unless you put the old stuff back I will never buy nexxus products again. Really hoping to see it back .
HAVE USED THE EXXTRA GEL FOR SOME TIME NOW. WAS WORRIED WHEN I BOUGHT A NEW TUBE AND IT WAS A DIFFERENT COLOR PACKAGING. THEN FOUND OUT AFTER USING IT, MY HAIR WAS WEIGHTED DOWN AND ACTUALLY LOOKED GREASY. STILL HAD THE PREVIOUS TUBE SO I COMPARED THE INGREDIENT LIST AND YOU HAVE DEFINITELY CHANGED IT--FOR THE WORST!!! AND IT STINKS!! PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA. I AM CURRENTLY LOOKING FOR SOMETHING ELSE TO USE.
I used the old formulation of this product for many years. It worked great for me and Now I am trying every darn gel out there to try something that works for me. The new product with the same name is useless and smells awful. Please keep in mind that men also use this product and some of us are not interested in fragrance. Isn't that what perfume/cologne is for! The previous product with the same name was good and I am sorry you changed it.
Please bring back the old gel formula!!! This new gel is terrible, makes the hair dry like straw with no holding power and no SHINE to the hair!! Why in the world would you have changed such a good product. The scent is over powering as well!! Please bring the old gel back, it was the only gel ever that worked for me and by the sounds of it many others. Now I have to go find another gel and it will be very hard to compare with it. Please reconsider and bring back the old gel!!!
Why do companies have to change a product that works! I have been using Nexxus Extra Gel for better then 10 years now it is no longer available. I purchased Nexxus Extra Gel Professional and it is horrible. It is thinner and the smell is terrible too strong for a male. I went on-line to locate the original product and it is priced through the roof. I would buy a case if I could locate one. I do not recommend this professional product. Time to find a different product.
I have been using this product for a few years now and absolutely loved it. I went to the store to purchase more and found a different colored tube, I thought maybe you just changed the package look so I bought it. I went to use the new one a few days later and the smell is God awful!!! That was one of the main reasons why I had loved it because it didn't have a scent PLUS I just loved how it worked in my hair. Now what Really disgusted. Please bring back the old formula!!!
The original version was a wonderful, dependable product I have used for many, many years and was taken off the market and changed for no good reason when it worked so well. It has a repulsive fragrance and is more watery. I actually had to rewash my hair 30 minutes after using it because I could not bear the fragrance. Extremely disappointed and don't know what I will do now after all these years using the Exxtra Gel as it previously was marketed.
I have been using Exxtra gel for more than 20 years and have been extremely happy with it. However this new formula has very little hold and I hate the strong smell. Why would you change a great thing Please bring back the old formula that deserves the name Exxtra.
I have bought Nexxus Exxtra Gel forever, more than 10 years. I just opened my latest tube, and it smells awful--just terrible. The gel is unusable. My wife said what stinks And that was 30 minutes later when she entered the room! Avoid the new Exxtra Gel. Nexxus, you have made a huge mistake with this new terrible stench scent. This customer is history.
As other customers have indicated, the new formula is of far inferior quality compared to the previous version. I read on this page that there will be an adjustment to return to a tweaked version of the older formula. Can you provide a time frame for this I have been a loyal customer for a decade, and I really abhor the idea of having to test other brands to find a replacement.
I loved the old product, so much so that I paid the overpriced cost. It was perfect. This new product New York Salon Care is nowhere near as effective at keeping my very fine hair full of body. I am very frustrated that I bought the new product expecting it to be of the same quality. The fragrance has even changed for the worse. Please, bring back the old product or tell me where I can purchase your old inventory. Thank you for letting me provide my feedback.
So disappointed in the new formula. It gives my fine and body less hair no hold and leaves my hair filmy and flat. This product no longer works well when using a curling or flat iron. I want the old formula back. Why change a product that has worked great for years. So disappointed I bought two tubes of this as I didn't ever want to run out of the original product. I will be looking for something else. Please email me if you change the formula back to the original.
This new product is useless, makes her very frizzy. When will the old formula be coming back
The new gel is no where near as good as the old gel. Perhaps its a financial decision to dilute the old gel and get 1.3 -1.5 more bottles out of one of the old thereby generating more revenue, OR perhaps its about a need for a new product yet not offering a market test Either way they DO need to bring the old one back. IN the alternative maybe Nexxus can offer the old gel for sale Online ONLY and see what the consumer preference is
Used the original product for many years. I've tried the new version for several months and am giving up to look for an alternative. Really wish the old version could be revived or at least an explanation offered for the change. This no longer qualifies as an Extra Hold product in my book.
The new formula is a weaker, runnier gel. But the bigger problem is the scent! It's way too perfumed. After only 10 minutes it's giving me a headache. I'll be switching to ANYTHING else starting tomorrow. I've been using Nexxus gel for about 14 years. Between it's previous strength and previous non-offending scent it is unacceptable to not offer the original product any longer.
The old formula was great. This product sucks. Bring back the old formula.
I loved the old formulation of this product. It was absolutely perfect. The shine, the stylability, the glossy, shiney finish. This newer version is stickier to work with, has a duller finish and the fragrance is more perfumey now instead of the previous cleaner, fresher scent. I am so disappointed that you discontinued making the other earlier - more perfect gel.
I do not know why you changed your extra gel, but it is not the same as the old kind with the other bottle. I have EXTREMELY curly hair and I used that for over 10 years and you all of a sudden you change it!!!!! Please bring it back. The new kind does NOT hold like the other!!!!!I am lost without it!!!!!!
I have used this product for many years and used to buy it in large quantities, recently I bought a few of the new packaging and did not know you had changed the formula. It is absolutely terrible, no strong hold, wears out by midday, and smells terrible! Please bring back the old formula. I will have to stop being a loyal customer given that I cannot use this one.
Nexxus should not have changed their packaging or their ingredients. I am really bummed about it. I have been using this product for a really long time and for them to change it doesn't make sense. So Many people loved this product but are now finding something else to use instead. I hope they go back to the original product.
I am lost ever since Nexus changed the Extra Gel. It worked wonders for me. I was always able to take my relaxed hair to new heights when I used the original Nexus Extra Gel. I cannot find anything close to the old product and my hair suffers. I am so disappointed and hurt. I don't know what to do. Any recommendations
Ive been using nexxus exxtra gel for 7+ years and this is the first time ive seen this re-formulation. I have thick hair, so most gels flake, but Nexxus Exxtra did not. This new formulation is thinner and has the strongest fragrance ive ever smelled on a gel. The fragrance is more like women's perfume. I am sorry to say i will have to find a different gel product now :(
I have kinky, curly hair. For YEARS now, I've been using Nexxus Gel Exxtra and literally telling all my curly hair friends what a savior it has been. This new formula is so awful. It's more alcohol based, makes my hair dry and stringy, isn't as thick and is literally breaking my heart. Now, I'm on the hunt for a new product. Please bring back the other formula! :(
Extremely Disappointed with the new Extra Gel ! It does NOT work the same. It is Watery and Smells Awful !!! My whole family used the old Extra Gel and we all loved it. Please bring it back !!! I have been using the old extra gel Forever - maybe 20 years ! Now, I have been purchasing lots of other gels to try and find a new gel because the new extra is Awful !!!
I've used Nexxus Extra Gel since 1984. The recent change in the product is more than disappointing. It is not as thick as the longstanding version, is heavily scented, does not last as long or wash out as easily. The previous version is the best I have ever used, it is a shame they felt they needed to tinker with it. So long to a loyal 30+ year customer!
I had been using this gel exclusively for over 10 years.. Was by far and away the best product on the market... Now it's watered down and smells so strong it makes you sick just from putting it on. Awful change!! I'm so disappointed and wish they will change back.. I'm now trying out every other gel in the market again to find a replacement for my once favorite gel!
Why in the world would a company change the formula of a perfect styling product that has worked for me for 15+ years to a scent that smells like baby oil/powder It just completely floors me that Nexxus would think adults want to smell like that Thank goodness I was able to return it to the store I purchased it from. I wouldn't even give it away to someone.
I loved the nexus gell until you changed it! It was the best, now I hate it. Makes my hair real dry and frizzy and the smell is terrible. Wish you never changed it, I have to look for a new product probably matrix. Wish you would go back to the way it was before. Very disappointed even my husband used very little and now he don't, the smell and it don't work.
Please please please bring back the old formula styling gel!! I've used your gel for over 20 yrs, absolutely loved it!! This new formula is terrible, weighs down my hair and makes it feel straw like. No other product could ever compete with the old formula. You love making hair beautiful, you will not do it with this new gel. Please reconsider, bring it back!!!
Been using the old product for years and hands down best on the market. The new product is terrible and feels like you added slime to your hair. The old product was awesome and worked well. After application it dried and the hold was awesome and no flaking. Please discontinue the new product and go back to the old!!
I have used the old formula since 2003 and I was super happy with it. The new one is so bad and doesn't hold my hair. I had to start searching for different brands. If you don't want to loose all your consumers , bring the old gel back !!!!
As others have stated, I've used this product for many years and was so happy that it was affordable and did what it said it would. I have very fine thin hair and this was just the ticket for getting some texture and hold. Why do companies have to fix what ain't broke I can only assume it has to do with cheaper ingredients. This makes me sad!
I'm biracial (black and white) and every biracial person's hair is slightly different from the next biracial person's. Unlike a lot of black and and white biracial people I know, I can't use products like Carol's Daughter and Mixed Chicks. For years, literally years, I searched high and low and low for a product that would tame my mane. I finally found the Exxte Gel and it was like the hair gods smiled on me. Perfect is an understatement. It kept my normally super frizzy, over-the-top-puffy hair tame, smooth, shinny, and appropriately volumized. Additionally, I could get two or three days worth of style put of one application which was AMAZING because before the Exxtra Gel, I'd spend a crazy amount of time wrestling my hair into a tight bun. BUT that was before the formula change. WHAT HAPPENED. Now the gel feels more alcohol or water based. I have to use three times as much. It flakes. I have to rinse it out everyday. It smells weird. It leaves weird dry, frizzy patches. In no way are blow dryers welcome with this new formula. I don't know why Nexxus ruined a wonderful thing that didn't need to be fixed. PLEASE BRING BACK THE LAST FORMULA. P.S. The new branding is beautiful. The sort of rose gold color is really nice....but the formula has to be reverted.
I've used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for many years and until the recent change to this product would have given it an excellent rating..........but not now!!! I've always kept an ample supply of Exxtra Gel (for personal use) but once in the past several years I ran out and was unable to purchase any for a couple of weeks. I purchased a product of lesser quality for a lesser price just to get by. Well, the NEW Nexxus Exxtra Gel is the same product as the cheaper, thinner, WAY less superior product that I purchased as a get by replacement. I won't mention the name or the maker of the product.......but it's like you filled an Exxtra Gel tube with their gel. I am VERY disappointed. I will be shopping for a better product.
The new version performs very poorly in every aspect. It provides no ability to hold like its old version. The fragrance is simply overpowering. The worst of all is that it simply doesn't hold hair half as well as the previous formula. Why did Nexxus change what's working Was there a problem with the old formula that prevent Nexxus from restoring the original version I hope the current sales and market share offer the company some insight about their current and failed formula. I hope they will bring back the old version soon before people completely abandon this brand altogether.
The old product was one of the best on the market. This product does not have many of the ingredients that helped build volume while smoothing. Nexxus really missed the boat on this one. Creating a product with fragrance seemed to be a priority over creating a product that delivers results.
I have been using the old formula for years with my thick natural curly hair. I loved how it kept frizz under control in the worst HOT humid weather. It held the curl so nicely without the sticky, heavy feel. It was the best stuff on the market! I have no idea why Nexxus would change the product. Why not just create a new line If you don't have curly hair, you have no idea how difficult it is to find a winner of a product to keep hair natural and at it's best. I am soooo unhappy with the hold and the smell in the new formula. Please, please, please bring back the old formula. I am desperately buying up all old product I can find and don't know what I will do when my supply is gone.
Not an effective gel when compared to Versastyler and Omnistyler.
Like most others with curly hair it's near impossible to find the perfect product or combination of products to control the frizz and not kill your curl. The old version was awesome, smelled good and worked great with only small amounts needed. Who in the world changed it Did you use a focus group of actual customers The new product is terrible, doesn't do anything for my hair, is thin and smells terrible (like an old lady coming from the beauty parlor). For the love of all that's right, change it back PLEASE!!! 240 out of 270 reviewers hate it, I can't think of a better reason to go back to the original! Listen to your loyal customers Nexxus, or you'll lose them.
Just discovered that the gel I have used successfully for years is no longer available and the replacement contains a preservative - polyquaternium, to which I am allergic. This happened with a previous product I used. The formula was changed and I wondered why my face was turning red and itchy. After visits to the dermatologist I discovered quaternium was the culprit. There are surprising few hair products without this substance. Very disappointed that Nexxus has discontinued a perfectly good product - why
Nexxus XXtra Gel formula was changed with NO NOTICE to the consumer (label is exactly the same although the tube color is different). The change is terrible! The product comes out of the tube as a soft Jello instead of a styling gel as before. It won't stick to your fingers for applying, and after styling and drying exactly as done with the old formula, my hair is limp instead of firmly styled. The next time I tried using more product and my hair became a sticky, gluey mess that I had to immediately wash off! This product should have been labeled NEW FORMULA to warn customers - or better yet, IT SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN CHANGED IN THE FIRST PLACE!!
I have been using Exxtra gel for as long as I can remember. I usually buy it in bulk so I've had the old formula for a while. Not sure when it changed, I thought it was just new packaging... But I am so disappointed. I just used the new formula for the first time. The consistency is thinner, the smell is OFFENSIVE to me... I am tempted to go wash it out, it's so bad. It almost smells like hair products made for men with a musky scent. Why did you change it I definitely don't think the change was for the better. The old formula was the only gel that worked for me and I've been recommending it to people for years. I don't think I'll be buying this again, and it makes me sad. I feel like I'm breaking up with someone! My hair does not look the way it did with the old formula and the smell alone is enough to keep me away. I seriously might cry... Exxtra gel was like a hair miracle. I could apply it to my slept on, unruly, frizzy head of curls and it made my curls look fresh again. My husband literally has commented on the before and after of the old formula, amazed at how shiny and defined my crazy bed head looked after just a dime sized amount. I had to apply a lot more of the new formula, as it is much less concentrated, to get my hair to look acceptable. Why, why, why I see from other reviews that I am not the only unhappy customer...Please bring back the old formula.
I have probably been using Nexxus extra hold for a good 25 years. My favorite was when we could purchase the product in the pump which has been gone for some time now. Recently, I went to buy the renamed exxtra superior hold only to find out the product is discontinued What happened to my good old Nexxus Exxtra Hold gel that gave my hair the wet look and incredible hold The new gel is so potent in smell and just does not offer the same quality that I have become accustom to over the past few decades. Unfortunately it is time to look for an alternate product as the new regime of Nexxus gel's are no longer meeting my needs.
I have been using Nexxus Exxtra Gel for YEARS and it was wonderful for my thick naturally curly hair. There was NO other product out there that worked as good as that one DID. I have tried just about every single brand and type of hair gel over the years and the old formula was the BEST. And since this change... I have yet to find any product that works to control my hair like the old product did. Why did you do this!! BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL FORMULA!!!!!
lousy gel i have used the old formula for over 15 yrs new formula smells bad and does not seem to hold as well.
I have used the original Nexxus Exxtra Gel product for years. I absolutely loved it, it was the best hair gel on the market by far. I have curly hair and have tried everything out there, but there was no comparison. I can not understand why Nexxus would change their Gel formula. It is now by far the worst hair gel I have every used, so now it's back to finding something new. I beg Nexxus to bring their original formula back! I can't imaging why they wouldn't seeing that mostly all those that reviewed it feel the same. Also I don't think I have ever written a review about anything but because I was so disappointed I felt I had to! :(
I purched the replacement prouduct with protein and could not handle the scented smell. I didn't like the feeling of this product as well. So disappointed and hope that you will bring back the orginial prouduct.
I'm deeply disappointed with the redesign of the Nexxus Exxtra Gel product. At first glance I thought it was just a package refresh. After I brought home 4 of the product tubes and applied it on my hair, I was upset of the fragrance . It was too late to correct the problem as I was preparing to go to work. My frustration grew when I noticed the inferior product performance on one of my visits to the restroom. This was a cost reduction gone bad and it was also a detrimental impact to the Nexxus brand. Please bring back the previous formula, also bring back the larger ounce packaging as well. Ex-loyal customer of 20+ years
I have been using Nexxus Extra Gel since the 80's....back when it was sold in salons. I have course, thick, curly hair and am also a professional hair stylist. I have tried tons of professional gels over the years and never found one that kept my curls nice and controlled fritz the way the OLD NEXXUS FORMULA did. The new formula is HORRIBLE!!! My hair is lifeless, frizzy and dull. I have also noticed my scalp itches quite a bit which I have never experienced before, but am unsure if the new formula could be causing it or not. PLEASE! Go back to the old formula! You had a great product for thick, curly hair! Most gels out there are so watery and are not compatible with that hair type. So many companies cater to normal or fine hair types, it is ridiculous. After reading so many of the reviews I am hoping you honor your loyal customers requests and go back to the old formula! If you want to change anything on the old formula you could change the scent... it smells more masculine. A more sweet, fresh scent would be nice.... but using the old formula!
I have used the previous nexxus gel for years. It was an outstanding product. This new formulated gel is absolutely terrible. Please bring back the old formula.
A couple years ago I tried the Nexxus Exxtra Gel and it was the best gel I had ever used. I was an instant fan and became a loyal customer of this and some of the other Nexxus products. I would brag about Nexxus anytime a stylist asked me to try something different. Unfortunately I'm no longer a fan after having bought two bottles of the newly formulated Nexxus Exxtra Gel. The new formula is now the worst gel I have ever used and I'm upset that the new prettier packaging didn't bother to advertise they changed the formula. I bought the first bottle and thought someone must have tampered with it because it smelled like baby oil. when I bought the second bottle I realized that the formula really had been changed to one that seemed watered down and cheap. It has turned me away from the Nexxus product line I once bragged about and my stylists are happy that I'm buying different brands from them again.
Received a free sample of the newer formula. The smell is not as bad as the previous new formula. The hold is still not up to par the with the old formula that we are all used to. The newer formula also flakes. Please bring back the old formula. Why would you mess with something that everyone has loved for the past 20+ years
Almost as bad as the Old New formula! Only difference is the scent is gone. Still not the great hold of the Old Old formula. Don't waste your money.
I had used this product 10+ years, but NO more! I bought 5 or 6 tubes and I notice the package changed, but didn't check further. When I did open one a few months later, the smell was horrible pew! I fill a covered container with gel because I use so much for my long, natural curly hair and it's easier that way, well when I did that I saw that the consistency was much different and the smell was overwhelmingly BAD. I used it only 6 or 7 times, but noticed it was drying my hair out, it didn't work at all and I could smell that horrible stench ALL the time! I emptied out the container that I put the gel into, but I can't get the smell out of my container, even after soaking it for two days in Dawn dish soap. If I can't get the smell out, I'll have to throw it away. I'm out a nice chunk of money and I'm VERY unhappy about the change. Sad, another product ruined.
Was disappointed when tried to purchase the usual Exxtra gel and saw they were out. I finally found it but noticed the packaging was different. Much to my surprise I found that they had changed the formula. I gave it a try and immediately notice that this was definitely not the same, nor was as good. First was the fragrance, the old had little to no smell to it, but this new one had too strong a smell. I don't want my hair product to have a scent, that is what cologne is for. My wife immediately commented to me that the scent bothered her. The next issue is that the feel, hold and and styling was not as good as before. It make my hair my hair feel soft after, but so did the original. Bottom line is I don't think this is as good a product as the original. Please bring the original formula back and soon. I loved the old product much better!
I have naturally curly hair. The old formula was the right mix for my curls. It tamed the frizz, wasn't too heavy and smelled good. The new formula reeks, and I may as well use motor oil on it. It looks worse after I put it on. Please bring back the old one. I have dozens of bottles of gels I have tried in my cabinet that just doesn't compare.
I have been using this sculpting gel for over 10 years and have always gotten compliments on how great my thick curly hair was. Strangers would literally stop me to compliment me on my hair and ask what products I use. I would ALWAYS reccomend Nexxus super hold sculpting gel as my must have product. Unfortunately, the formula has been changed and the new one is no where near the original. Since then, I have tried loads of other gels from ridiculously priced high end to drug store specials and have come up disappointed with all of them. Nothing is like the original sculpting gel. Apparently after seeing the overall response to this product, I am clearly not alone on this. I have a tiny bit left of the old formula that I use sparingly for special occasions, this is pathetic lol!! Please bring the old formula back!!!
I have used Exxtra Gel for years. This New formula is too thin, it does NOT give any shape or hold, to curls like the old product. It seems alot cheaper in quality. My hair was so frizzy with this new gel, with horrible results. Wish I could give it 0 stars. BRING BACK THE OLD GEL FORMULA!! I will not be buying this ever again.
New formula is a total failure. I have used the old formula for years. The new formula is comparative to any cheap regular product on the shelf. I am actively looking for a product that will do what the old formula did, hold my think hair in place. Can anyone suggest some other brand I work in consumer products land. I can't believe that the brand allowed someone in R/D to change the performance of this to such poor performance. Someone didn't do their homework/ testing. I'm not sure why anyone would pay the high price for this premium brand to get Walmart product performance. Disappointing in what has been done as you can read from all the other posts.. I suspect in time they will realize the mistake and fix the formula. Someone needs to wake up and own the problem. Bad product, don't waste your money.
2 out of 5 stars. Donald 2 months ago YOU CHANGED THE FORMULA.....NOT GOOD! Dear Nexxus: I have used your Exxtra Gel, Superior Hold for several years, sold in the tan colored tube. Within the last 6 months or so, the packaging has changed to the copper colored tube, and the gel is different as well. It is less thick and does not hold as well. I was in a store recently and managed to find the older version. It reaffirms my contention that this new formula is not as effective as the old one. Please bring it back!!! Yes, I recommend this product. Review photo 1 Photo This action will open a modal dialog. Review photo 1 QUALITY 2 out of 5 FRAGRANCE 3 out of 5 1 person found this review helpful.0 people did not find this review helpful. Helpful Yes 1 1 person found this review helpful. Click to agree.No 0 0 people did not find this review helpful. Click to agree.Report RESPONSE FROM NEXXUS: Anonymous Csr Services 2 months ago We very much appreciate our consumers feedback, and weve heard you that this product as reformulated - is not providing the best Nexxus experience. Were happy to note that we are tweaking the product and will have the improved/restored formulation back shortly.
This has got to be the worst gel I have ever used. The smell is cloying and the product as a whole is non functional. It actually makes my hair look worse. I used the old formula for several years and it was fabulous! I got many compliments as well as queries regarding what hair products I used. How many negative reviews will it take for you to bring the old formula back If I could give a negative rating I would.
I used the Nexxus Exxtra gel old formula fort years on my fine textured curly hair, and it always left me with shiny well-defined ringlets. The new formula in the pink bottle, however, does NOT work even close to the way the old one did. I've yet to find a hair gel that works as well, and I've tried other high-end salon brands. PLEASE bring the old formula back. This new one is actually terrible.
I used the old formula for more than 10 years and it was perfect. I have very long (below my waist) natural curly hair and live in humid Florida. I have tried many products but nothing ever came close to the original formula of Nexxus Exxtra Gel. The original formula had the right amount of hold, didn't dry my hair, it actually felt moisturized, no flakes, no crunch and it controlled frizz. I loved it! It's all I needed, no spray, mousse, leave-in... nothing else! I recommended it to anyone that ask what I used. Why change it! The new formula is as horrible as it smells, if not worse. My hair feels horrible and it doesn't control frizz at all. Now I find myself searching for a new product all over again. Please bring back the previous formula!
Never gave much thought about what I used to keep my hair in place over the years, I just used what my wife had around the house, as long as it wasn't greasy or smelly. So now on my own, as a widow, I used up what was always around over several years. I don't use much. Finally I had to replace the Nexxus Styling Gel, Pure Control Stylizer. I tried the revised Nexxus replacement product and had to throw it out. It was too greasy feeling and the smell was just to much. I hope you do bring back the prior formula, I haven't found a replacement, and one never knows what is missed until it isn't around anymore. And yes for me, this is a good problem to have most of my hair to deal with in my 70's. thx
The new Exxtra Gel formula is awful. The old formula was by far the best offered in the market in terms of providing an extra long-lasting hold along with a wet look when desired. The new formula provides zero utility and smells offensive to boot with an undeniably far more powerful fragrance. PLEASE bring the old formula back. I saw Nexus responding in posts last month that an improved/restored formulation will be offered shortly. I really hope this comes to fruition. Although no competitor products I have recently tried come close to measuring up to the original formula, several are indeed superior to your new offering and will unfortunately become my go-to once my current supply of old Exxtra Gel is gone.
This new Gel is terrible. I've been using Nexxus Gel for years and loved it. Odor free, did not flake, right texture. This new stuff is thinner, does not hold as well and above all STINKS !!
The new formula is terrible...so oily and slick feeling!! Please go back to the old formula..I love the product, but have had to look else where to find something that compares to the old extra gel!!
I have been using this product for 20 years and recently went into a store to buy it. I noticed that they had changed the look of the bottle and thought nothing of it. I took it home and used it as I normally would but I noticed that my hair did not stay and it broke half way through the day. This used to be the best gel on the market and now Im not sure what they have done. Also it has a terrible smell like a perfume. I would not recommend buying this product.
I loved the original formula. My hair was moisturized and shiny when I used it, most importantly the hold was firm but not crunchy. I used the new formula thinking that the bottle was redesigned. I noticed a difference in the formula too when my hair started to frizz. The scent was too much to bear and there was flaking!!! I never experienced flaking with this gel before. Now I must find a new gel or make my own flax seed gel.
I needed to try something new and my grandma recommended it maybe I shouldn't have listened because she's 98 years old and she never knows what she's talking about but I tried it and it was just horrible.
I have been using your product for many years, I have very thick course hair, the old formula was the only product that would hold my hair in place (all day). It also allowed me to have the wet or dry look and the smell of the gel was great! I tried the new formula and I could not wait to get home from my night out the wash the gel out of my hair, the smell was AWFUL! Please listen to your core customers and bring back the old formula! Please!!!
I agree with all the other reviewers. We all probably started using the Exxtra Gel because the others didn't hold as well. The new formula is like the other gels that just don't hold. To make it even worse, they added a fragrance that smells like you are constantly breathing in hairspray. If I try to use more gel to get more hold, it is difficult to breathe because of the fragrance. I'm not exagerating. Please bring back an Exxtra Classic version.
I am in total agreement. I have been using this product for over 20 years. The new formula is watery, has no hold and is too fragrant. I can live with the fragrance but I cannot live with the lack of performance. I do hope they reconsider and go back to the old formula or at least a mix of the 2. As far as im concerned, this product is useless for my hair type. Hoping to find a replacement. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated :)
I sought out your website so I could find out how to express my disappointment in the new gel formula. It appears I am not the only dissatisfied customer. The smell is awful and the texture is watered down. I am going to the store today to find a new brand. I tried the new gel for two weeks and just can't stand it another day. I hope you are listening to all of the negative feedback. I would return my business if you bring back the old formula.
Please bring back the old formula. Several women in my household used it for decades and it worked on every hair type.
I have used this gel for 10+ years in my curly hair and it has always been the only thing that works for me. When I picked it up the last time I ran out, I just thought Nexxus had changed the packaging/look of the bottle--not so. The entire product is different, from its fragrance (awful) to its hold (equally terrible). Why did Nexxus change such a great product I'm hoping that the overwhelmingly negative reviews will bring the old version back!
I'm a little late to the party, but like many others have been very disappointed with the new formula for the Exxtra Gel. I had used the older formula for 5-10 years and was very happy with it. The new version has a heavy scent and doesn't hold my hairstyle as well. I'm using it only because it is time consuming and expensive to find a replacement. Would much prefer the old formula be reintroduced.
The new formulation has a perfumy odor that is obnoxious and the holding power is diminished. Terrible market research.
old formula was such a great product, not sure why it needed to be changed. Please bring the old formula back.
If you bring back the old formula, I can GUARANTEE/PROMISE you, Nexxus, that I will buy YOUR hair gel, and NOBODY else's. The old formula was the BEST on the market ...period. As long as you sell it, I will buy it. I will not buy this new formula again, once was enough. Please bring the old formula back.
I used this for 20+ years - now I wont touch it. Smells like old perm solution - holds as good as water. Dries your hair out. Nothing usable. Unbelievable that you would make such an awful decision with obviously NO input from those who would use it. Bring back what you had 10+ yrs ago. Even the previous version was obviously watered down. I'm finding something else. Using nothing is better than this stuff. Just unbelievable.
I loved the old Exxtra Gel. I used it for years and have always feared that I wouldn't be able to find it. It held my hair in place exactly as I desired all day. This new formula has an overwhelming smell. And it holds your hair for about 15 minutes. I may as well put water through my hair. I have read review after review on this new formula which agree with me. Please go back to the original formula. Nexxus has lost my business.
I totally agree with the hundreds of others who are extremely dissatisfied with the new formula and smell of what used to be the best hair gel on the market. I have been using this gel for 30+ years so why change it now! Nothing works like this one did. Please go back to the old formula!!! And please get rid of the horrid smell!
My husband and sons have used the old gel for the last 10 years and it is the only product that has worked for their style and hair texture. They are extremely particular about their hair and it has worked for all 3 of them - in addition to the many I have spent over the years on it. The new formula smells AWFUL my hubby is constantly complaining his head now itches ..... PLEASE bring back the old formula - NEXXUS - I do not think you did well on your market research - men use this product and do not want to smell like a rose ... If you do not plan - can you let us know where to buy the original non scented formula.
I have used Exxtra Gel since 1988 and it WAS the best gel on the market until earlier in 2015 when you made the mistake of re-formulating it. It is thinner in consistency and doesn't hold nearly as well as the previous formula. Now about the new scent, it is the most horrible smell you could have ever invented! Consider the fact that just as many men use your gel as women do, besides you don't need to add fragrance to styling gel. Men use cologne and women perfume. I have been using gel from one of your competitors, but if you restore your exxtra gel to the previous formula I will return to Nexxus.
I have used Exxtra Gel for about 20 years. I don't know why you changed a product that was superior from every other gel on the market. The new scent is irritating to my eyes and the hold is not as strong. I have very thick and curly hair and nothing was better than the old Exxtra Gel. I used to get compliments on my curls all the time and friends would always ask me what gel I was using because my hair looked so amazing. This gel is not doing the job and I'm looking for alternatives. It looks like I am not the only one that is upset here. Please reconsider bringing back the Exxtra Gel that we all love! Please!
I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years it was used/recommended to me by my stylist. Neither of us could understand why the formula was changed! It is horrible -- doesn't hold fine hair and has an AWFUL scent. (I picked up a friend to go to a movie and she asked the name of the horrible perfume I had on!) I understand now (hopefully I'M right!) that you are going back to the old formula. Is that true How will we know I've already thrown 3 expensive tubes away -- won't buy any more (neither will my stylist recommend) until I'm sure I'm getting the good stuff!
I totally agree with the customers who have expressed their displeasure. I am so disappointed that Nexxus has changed the formula of the Exxtra Gel. I have been using the previous product exclusively for a number of years. I have thin hair and the original gel was the only product the allowed me to achieve the results I wanted. I am saddened that I now have to buy different products to find the one that will work for me. If Nexxus were to return to the original formula, I would certainly purchase the product. If the product remains as it is now, I will not be purchasing any Nexxus products in the future.
Now contains an overpowering fragrance, and doesn't hold as well as the former version.
I have been using this gel for YEARS and until now,have been a very loyal Nexus user. I have thick, unruly, curly hair and the old formula was my savior, the only thing that could keep my hair in check without flaking. This new formula is so far removed from what the original formula was and does nothing to hold my hair in place anymore and now dries and flakes like any of the cheap gels one can get in a drugstore. I don't know why the formula was changed, but it is awful and I will never buy this product again and have to begin the task of finding a substitute. I am so disappointed.
I've been using this gel for over 10 years, and WAS in love with this product. Ever since this transformation, it's HORRIBLE.... The consistency and smell is not the same and not even a close comparison. This was a huge mistake by Nexxus. I have curly frizzy hair and this new solution doesn't hold as well and smells bad. I'm very disappointed and now have to find a new product to use going forward. Even the packaging is even disappointing. This went from something that young people loved to use, to something I'd expect to find in my grandmother's salon.
I have been using Nexxus products for a long time. I have long curly hair and finding the right product makes my life easier. For years I've used the Exxtra gel... I've sent so many people to the product. Recently I noticed a package change (which I think looks great). However it's not only a package change, the gel itself is completely different. It's not remotely close to what it was. The hold is weak, my curls frizz... even the application is difficult.. the gel clumps up while putting it on. My only hope is Nexxus will change back! I'm now on the hunt to find a new gel that works.
I have also used only Nexxus products for the last 20 years for all my hair care needs (I.e. Therappe, Diametress, Humectress etc.) including Exxtra Gel but sadly I am extremely disappointed with the new formula. I am OK with the smell but nothing more. It does NOT hold my curly hair at all, as a matter of fact it feels like watery alcohol. I am dreading going on a hunt to find a new gel that will hold my hair like your old formula but sadly will have to. I think it would be a good idea to take into account just how many long time users are complaint about your new formula. :(
Ive been using the Nexxus Exxtra Hair Gel for the past 15 years before you even started selling the non-salons retailers. Recently, I ran out of the Gel and had to restock. I usually buy 4-6 tubes at one time. I noticed its not the same strength and it has a new scent. I dont like it I prefer the old version. Do you sell the old version formula If so, where can I buy it If not, I will have to start looking for a new brand Gel.
Instead of asking me to contact customer service (unless you have a secret back stock of the old formula) please explain why you changed a product that worked well. I can only assume it's cheaper to produce this watery mess. This stuff doesn't hold anything. The search begins unless you can tell us when you plan to bring back the old. Even Coke admitted their error and they seem to be doing ok. It's obvious to all (and hopefully you by now) that this stuff is junk so the sooner you cut your losses, the less time loyal customers will have to find a permanent replacement.
I have used Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for years, but it is time to find a new gel if you don't bring back the original formula. I don't like the smell of the new formula and it doesn't hold as well as the old formula. Not to mention, the old formula was the only gel I have been able to find that I was able to get it wet and style my hair again later in the day. I won't buy another Nexxus product if this new formula is all you are going to sell going forward. And I only gave 1 star because you have to select at least one.
I have been a loyal user of Nexxus Exxtra Gel for 20+ years. I loved it!! I would get compliments on my hair all the time and I have recommended it many times over the years. Nexxus, why did you change a good thing!! The new formula is thinner, has dried out my hair, does not control frizz at all and smells horribly like rubbing alcohol. I feel like I am using hand sanitizer on my hair!! Sadly, I am desperately searching for a new product to use on my hair. The only way I would purchase this product again is if you brought back your old formula.
I am so so upset about the new product! Why would u change something that isn't broken I am 31 and have been using the old formula since high school! This one is awful. Doesn't even compare! The smell is so strong and it's watery and leaves my hair dried out and doesn't last even a little. I don't know what to do now or what to use! I had no warning! This is expensive and I bought two bottles thinking it was the same as the old formula and it's not. It doesn't even work on my husband's pin straight hair! Bring the old one back asap! Please!!
Like most other people on this thread, I too have been using this gel for years and it was the most perfect thing for my super curly, super thick hair. No other product has ever even come close to it. WHY, OH WHY would you go and change it! It's AWFUL now! It smells horrible, it's so thin and watery feeling on my hair and my hair is a frizzy mess once it dries with this gel in in. The old gel formula used to keep my curls beautiful, together and soft for at least two days! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, I'm begging you to bring back the old formula!
I used the original gel for years and now the formula have changed. It's too thin, stinks and doesn't have the sticky the old one had. I feel like I wasted my money on the new product. PLEASE bring back the original formula!
I have always used used Nexxus products the Exxtra gel for over 20 years. I always loved the way it used to smell hold, so nice to the touch so fragrant to the nose. Why change something that's already perfect Please bring back the old formula there is nothing else available like it. I have resorted to buying out old stock thru ebay as this was a big part of my daily regimen sadly its gone now...The new Professional version is not the same the scent is overpowering like an old ladies perfume. -PLEASE BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL
I have used the NEXXUS Extra Hold Gel for years (black cap). The replacement product in the platinum tube is a different formula and not nearly as effective - hold, and sheen. Will the old formula be available I am unable to find a suitable replacement.
When Nexxus reformulated the new formula I had hopes that they had heard their customers. Unfortunately they fell short again with their reformulated new product. I have been using their gel for years. It was excellent in every way. I just don't get it. Simply bring back the old formula. It would make many loyal customers VERY happy.
Why change a product I have been buying and completely loyal to for something like 20 years. Please rush back the old formula. Can you not see the overwhelmingly poor ratings of the new formula Nothing else I have found has low fragrance and good hold. This is the New Coke of Nexxus.
Ive been using the EEXTRA GEL SUPERIOR HOLD Sculpting Gel for four years and loved it. When I got the new one I thought maybe it is just a new tube color but to my disappointment it was a completely new and definitely NOT improved product. I have thick dry curly hair and the original product made it look so nice and natural. I was always stopped by other curley women who wanted to know my secret. I would apply it on wet hair and twirl my curls. Once dried, the hair wasnt stiff like in other products and it really looked great for at least two days. The new products is hard to apply it doesnt sculpt and stays frizzy. I have to use a lot more to maintain some shape to the curls. Once it dries, my curls feel stiff and they look dead and lackluster. I am so disappointed. Why did Nexus feel the need to change a good product I loved it. I didnt even mention the yucky smell because that is the least of my problems. I wont continue using this product that is for sure.
I have used the other version of Nexxus gel for years. When I saw that they brought it back I was so excited. Then I found it is different from the original version. It does not hold as well and the smell... It smells like a mans cologne. Not suitable for a woman to use. So Disappointed! Bring the old version back please!!!
I have loved the Exxtra gel for about a decade, and I could sense that a change was coming with this gel quite some time ago. I thought it was being totally discontinued, so I rounded up every bottle I could find in the tan packaging and stock piled them. I was relieved to see Nexxus had released Exxtra gel in a shiny new package, and I promptly bought a few bottles online. My happiness changed forever when I realized that more than just the packaging had changed. Where had my beloved Exxtra gel gone The new formula does nothing for my frizz and curls, and to make matters worse the new scent is so overpowering! Nexxus should have specified on the packaging new formula when this was re-released...It is not the same gel, yet it boasts the same name. I will never buy this product again. I am now saving the rest of my tan Exxtra gel bottles for special occasions, and I'm now on the search for a new gel product all together. Such a shame.
I have always been a huge fan and advocate for Nessux gel and have been using it for more than 10 years. The New Formula has been a huge disappointment! I like the fact that it was a bit thicker and the scent is great, but the performance is far from the standard that the original Nexxus gel had set many years ago. The New Formula doesn't hold like it used to. After 2 hours my hair started losing its shape and style. The worst part of the New Formula is it flakes! I always love Nexxus gel for its ability to keep its shape through out the day and flake free! I remember days when I used to slept with Nexxus gel in my hair and woke up the next day, impress with how it still retain the shape of my hair without any flakes. I am writing this review to show how disappointed I am with the New Formula. I don't see myself ever using this product again at this rate.
Like a lot of other customers posts about this product, I do not like the change. I too have used this gel for years and loved it. I was hooked the 1st time I tried it. My hair is thick and naturally curly. I deal with a fair amount of frizz, a daily ordeal and nothing has helped like.Nexxus Gel. Now, I put your gel in my hair and as my hair dries it starts to feel like glue. Once my hair is dry, along with the feel of glue my hair feels like straw. I can't run my hand through my hair. I used to be able to get up the day after I washed my hair and add more gel to control any frizz. Now with the new gel when I try to put more gel in my hair, my hair feels like a stiff gluey mess. Stiff as straw and impossible to comb, even with a wide tooth comb. There's no shine, totally dull and lifeless. I was mortified some one might try to touch my hair. Really gross. I washed it out of my hair and never used it again. I've got half a tube and a full tube sitting in my closet, not being used! Please bring back your old gel! PLEASE!!!! Thank you
I am a few months away from turning 50 and started using Nexxus Exxtra gel when I entered the military at age 18!!! Nexus Exxtra gel has been my/the ONLY gel that I have used or would use in more than 30 years...though the packaging has changed over the past 30+ years, the formula has ALWAYS remained true until now. Beleive me, it was perfect and you really should go back!!! The ORIGINAL formula was a great consistency to apply, superior hold, no flaking when combed out and absolutely no heavy build up....even after several days of use....NONE! My hair has always been important to me and my one TRIED and TRUE gel has changed. PLEASE change back.... When something is perfect, you don't change....read the hundreds and soon to be thousands of other reviews on this change.... Everyone hates the new stuff. I'm a 30 year veteran of your original product and hate the new stuff....you know it's not the same as soon as you apply it in your hands!
When Nexxus reformulated the new formula I had hopes that they had heard their customers. Unfortunately they fell short again with their reformulated new product. I have been using their gel for years. It was excellent in every way. I just don't get it. Simply bring back the old formula. It would make many loyal customers VERY happy.
I hate this new formula - the scent, the feel, the way my hair looks now is dirty and disheveled. Please bring the old formula back - I am now searching for a new product.
The new formula Exxtra Gel (copper-colored tube) is awful. It is thinner (runny-er), doesn't hold, as smells different. This is even worse than the debacle Coca-Cola had with New Coke.
New formula is a total failure. I have used the old formula for years. The new formula is comparative to any cheap regular product on the shelf. I am actively looking for a product that will do what the old formula did, hold my think hair in place. Can anyone suggest some other brand I work in consumer products land. I can't believe that the brand allowed someone in R/D to change the performance of this to such poor performance. Someone didn't do their homework/ testing. I'm not sure why anyone would pay the high price for this premium brand to get Walmart product performance. Disappointing in what has been done as you can read from all the other posts.. I suspect in time they will realize the mistake and fix the formula. Someone needs to wake up and own the problem. Bad product, don't waste your money.
Why change a product I have been buying and completely loyal to for something like 20 years. Please rush back the old formula. Can you not see the overwhelmingly poor ratings of the new formula Nothing else I have found has low fragrance and good hold. This is the New Coke of Nexxus.
I have been using your gel for way over 20 years. I tried the new gel for my curly hair and it makes it frizzy and just doesn't hold the way the old gell did. I've spent tons of money trying to find a new gel with no luck! I am very disappointed and don't know what to do. Bring back the old gel Nexxus! Why did you change it
I have been using Nexxus Exxtra gel for over a decade...until you changed the formula and fragrance. The new gel formula does not hold as well and the fragrance is HORRENDOUS!!! Your former loyal customer
I have been using exxtra gel since 2000. My hair is huge and frizzy. I have tried every product under the sun and exxtra gel is always the winner. Now you have changed the formula and I can see that most are not happy. Please change it back. Please and thank you
SO SAD THEY CHANGED THE FORMULA, LOVED IT THE WAY IT WAS.
New formula smells bad and does not have the hold like it used to
Used nexus for years. Formula changed now. Much too light.
You have ruined the only gel I've used for years. Why Why Why
bring back the old gel and hairspray!!!! please!!! please!!!
I do not like the fragrance. The new formula is horrible. Go back to the old formula.
Nexxus, why did you change the Exxtra Gel It is a watered down version (seriously...I believe with my whole heart that you added water to the gel) of the older, MUCH BETTER Exxtra Gel. It was perfect for my curly hair, and now I am struggling to find a gel that works as well as the old Exxtra Gel. As other reviewers wrote, the new gel also smells very bad. Did you test this product before changing it
Uhh it really does hurt my feelings that they have changed the product then put professional on the label as if the quality is better. It is soooo hardddd to find something that works great with your hair and when u lose it and have to start the search over its beyond frustrating. With the new formula my curl is the same as if i used a dollar store gel and it smells bad. Id rather yaw bring back the old formula and charge us a couple dollars more if need be.
I've been using this product for all long as I can remember. It was a somewhat thick gel, with an unnoticeable fragrance that worked great with my curly hair. Now with the newly formulated product, the gel is watery, chemical smelling, and doesn't do anything to help the frizz or control my curls at all. I will be returning this product to the store and looking for a new brand. Please bring back the old formula!! I've been a loyal Nexxus user for a very long time and it makes me sad to have to find another product to use on my hair!
Bad product, hair felt brittle, and was not so easy to comb through. Do not like the smell either.
Why Smell is awful and hold is much worse Already threw it away.
The container seam has split open on the last two purchases about 1/2 way through the product, making it messy and difficult to use. I hope you will be able to correct the problem it is a real inconvenience.
I want the old extra gel back! Honestly this product is so bad. I have been using the OLD extra gel for so long and that product was amazing. Please Nexus bring that product back :(
I've been using exxtra gel since it came out 18,19 years ago and with the change I will not purchase it again looking for a new hair gel as we speak.
So disappointed in the new formula. It gives my fine and body less hair no hold and leaves my hair filmy and flat. This product no longer works well when using a curling or flat iron. I want the old formula back. Why change a product that has worked great for years. So disappointed I bought two tubes of this as I didn't ever want to run out of the original product. I will be looking for something else. Please email me if you change the formula back to the original.
The new formula with the cooper tube has an awful strong smell. I am a man and I can't stand the smell. Did the company think NO man was using their gel...and made the new one with such a strong feminine odor Very disappointed.
NEXXUS, PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA! The old formula was the most amazing curl defining gel I've found, after trying dozens of products. The new one is terrible terrible consistency, doesn't hold curls, and has a really odd smell. I noticed this is no longer made with the marine proteins Maybe they were forced to change their ingredients Either way, NEXXUS, PLEASE RE-FORMULATE! The entire internet misses the old formula.
I have been using nexus since the 80's, it's very disappointing that you have changed the product!
I have used this gel for 20 years and always loved it. They recently changed the formula including the scent and it's horrible. . The hold is different. It's not as good. PLEASE BRING THE OLD GEL BACK.
Why on earth did you change the formula of the Nexxus Salon Hair Care Exxtra Gel, Superior Hold Not only does the new reformulation not have the same strong holding capacity as the old product, the fragrance is obnoxious and too powerful. My coworkers are all complaining about the smell, and it's causing them to sneeze!
It's funny and sad at the same time to read soooo many people like myself do not like this new product. The hold and the texture it gives my hair is terrible. Big mistake to let the old formula go. I too will be moving on to something else. Please bring old formula. The smell is different. I think corners were cut and now the quality was too. Sad.
Used the product for almost 20 years. Now they changed its formula. It no longer holds and a scent was added and it stinks!
I have been using this gel for over 10 yrs, i have curly hair and the old gel made my culrs look great, never frizzy. The new formula is terrible, i have lots of frizz and my scalp is itchy. I'm looking for a new product, if anyone finds a great one please post.
Nexxus has clearly taken this product to an overpriced and over scented cheap hair gel. Everything about it is worse.
What a disappointment with my recent purchase of Exxtra Gel! The formula changed. The first and only day I used it, I sneezed and had a runny nose all day. The fragrance is overpowering. The hold is not as good either. Why did you mess with perfection
I have been using Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for year. I just bought one and its not the same. New formula has a strong perfume scent and it just dried my hair. I loved the old Nexxus Exxtra Gel, not this new one. They should of changed the packaging only. gelfail
I used this product for 5+ years on my thick curly hair. It was the best until they changed not only the packaging but the product itself. It is now horrible. Does nothing for my curl. Leaves my hair frizzy, unmanageable and makes my hair feel dirty. The smell is not good either. I'll be returning both tubes to the store and will begin my search for a new product. No more Nexxus products for me.
I have been using this product for a few years now and absolutely loved it. I went to the store to purchase more and found a different colored tube, I thought maybe you just changed the package look so I bought it. I went to use the new one a few days later and the smell is God awful!!! That was one of the main reasons why I had loved it because it didn't have a scent PLUS I just loved how it worked in my hair. Now what Really disgusted. Please bring back the old formula!!!
I agree with all the other reviews. The old gel was the only one that held my curly hair in place, and I used it loyally for 10 plus years. The new formula is just awful! The smell is so overpowering that others have commented on it, and it doesn't remotely hold the same. I threw my bottle away after three days and am also in search of a new product. Please bring back the old formula to all your loyal users, especially ones with curly hair. It's hard to find products that work for us!
I have used this gel for 10+ years in my curly hair and it has always been the only thing that works for me. When I picked it up the last time I ran out, I just thought Nexxus had changed the packaging/look of the bottle--not so. The entire product is different, from its fragrance (awful) to its hold (equally terrible). Why did Nexxus change such a great product I'm hoping that the overwhelmingly negative reviews will bring the old version back!
I had been using this gel exclusively for over 10 years.. Was by far and away the best product on the market... Now it's watered down and smells so strong it makes you sick just from putting it on. Awful change!! I'm so disappointed and wish they will change back.. I'm now trying out every other gel in the market again to find a replacement for my once favorite gel!
I have been using this product for a long time and the company has switched to a new product and packaging. Don't like it one bit....it's horrible and I loved the old product...Sorry as I don't like bad reviews, but this has to be done that someone made a big mistake. It just does not hold my hair like it use to.
I have been using this gel for over 10 years and I hate the new formula!!! I, like many of the other reviewers, are very unhappy with the new smell and way this product works. The smell is soooo strong and not in a good way!! My hair is so greasy now and my curls look horrible!! I've been spending all morning online researching new hair gel because I really don't want to use this new Nexxus gel any longer ( I'm really bummed out with this new change!!! Bring back the old gel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have used the Exxtra Gel product for well over 15 years. The recent change and new formula is thinned out (low viscosity) and now has a heavy hair spray scent. You guys ruined a really great product. Sadly I'm looking to buy up all the remaining old formal I can find and then when I run out I'll look else where.
I have been using this product for almost 20 years and love it for my curly hair. But since the formula changed, it does not hold the curls and leaves my hair frizzy by the end of the day. Please please bring back the old formula!!!
I am so sad that nexxus changed their extragel. I have been using this gel for approx 10 years, it is the ONLY gel I've used because it was so awesome. This new product is awful. It smells gross, feels sticky and cheap and just plain does not work - at all. I have no idea how I'm going to find a new product that works as well as the old extragel. Please nexxus, bring back the original extra gel!!
I have been using this product for 20 years and recently went into a store to buy it. I noticed that they had changed the look of the bottle and thought nothing of it. I took it home and used it as I normally would but I noticed that my hair did not stay and it broke half way through the day. This used to be the best gel on the market and now Im not sure what they have done. Also it has a terrible smell like a perfume. I would not recommend buying this product.
I went into my local target to buy this gel. at first i thought they were sold out because i couldn't find the gold colored bottle. I saw another bottle, same shape, but metallic gold. long story short, nexxus has changed the ingredients and it no longer has the same hold as the previous one. So disappointed since i have been using this gel for countless years. Time to look for another gel.
This is a different formulation. It has a thinner, watery consistency and a very strong (perfume) like fragrance. I am very disappointed by the change. This product was a staple in my daily routine for over 10 years. I wish they would have just left the product alone.
I have been using Nexxus products for a long time. I have long curly hair and finding the right product makes my life easier. For years I've used the Exxtra gel... I've sent so many people to the product. Recently I noticed a package change (which I think looks great). However it's not only a package change, the gel itself is completely different. It's not remotely close to what it was. The hold is weak, my curls frizz... even the application is difficult.. the gel clumps up while putting it on. My only hope is Nexxus will change back! I'm now on the hunt to find a new gel that works.
I have been using this gel for years I am a hairstylist and hate the new formula. I can no longer use on myself or clients.I would give this no stars except it won't let me. Consider changing this back to old formula.
I have used Exxtra Gel for years. This New formula is too thin, it does NOT give any shape or hold, to curls like the old product. It seems alot cheaper in quality. My hair was so frizzy with this new gel, with horrible results. Wish I could give it 0 stars. BRING BACK THE OLD GEL FORMULA!! I will not be buying this ever again.
This has got to be the worst gel I have ever used. The smell is cloying and the product as a whole is non functional. It actually makes my hair look worse. I used the old formula for several years and it was fabulous! I got many compliments as well as queries regarding what hair products I used. How many negative reviews will it take for you to bring the old formula back If I could give a negative rating I would.
I used the Nexxus Exxtra gel old formula fort years on my fine textured curly hair, and it always left me with shiny well-defined ringlets. The new formula in the pink bottle, however, does NOT work even close to the way the old one did. I've yet to find a hair gel that works as well, and I've tried other high-end salon brands. PLEASE bring the old formula back. This new one is actually terrible.
Not an effective gel when compared to Versastyler and Omnistyler.
The old product was one of the best on the market. This product does not have many of the ingredients that helped build volume while smoothing. Nexxus really missed the boat on this one. Creating a product with fragrance seemed to be a priority over creating a product that delivers results.
lousy gel i have used the old formula for over 15 yrs new formula smells bad and does not seem to hold as well.
I purched the replacement prouduct with protein and could not handle the scented smell. I didn't like the feeling of this product as well. So disappointed and hope that you will bring back the orginial prouduct.
I have naturally curly hair and I've been using this gel for years and absolutely loved it, but this new stuff is terrible! It makes my hair frizzy and smells like perfumey men's cologne. I don't know why Nexxus changed their formula but I wish they would change it back ASAP!!! My hair is a mess and this gel WAS the only product that worked well. :(
Now contains an overpowering fragrance, and doesn't hold as well as the former version.
Bring back old formula he new one smells terrible I am switching to another brand
I've been using the old formula for 30+ years. It was awesome. Bring it back! Meanwhile, I'm switching to another brand.
I used the original gel for years and now the formula have changed. It's too thin, stinks and doesn't have the sticky the old one had. I feel like I wasted my money on the new product. PLEASE bring back the original formula!
I have been using Nexxus Exxtra Gel for YEARS and it was wonderful for my thick naturally curly hair. There was NO other product out there that worked as good as that one DID. I have tried just about every single brand and type of hair gel over the years and the old formula was the BEST. And since this change... I have yet to find any product that works to control my hair like the old product did. Why did you do this!! BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL FORMULA!!!!!
I've used the old formula for as long as I can remember and loved it. This new stuff just doesn't come close. Change it back please
This new product is useless, makes her very frizzy. When will the old formula be coming back
Just discovered that the gel I have used successfully for years is no longer available and the replacement contains a preservative - polyquaternium, to which I am allergic. This happened with a previous product I used. The formula was changed and I wondered why my face was turning red and itchy. After visits to the dermatologist I discovered quaternium was the culprit. There are surprising few hair products without this substance. Very disappointed that Nexxus has discontinued a perfectly good product - why
This new product doesn't hold and makes my hair frizzy.
I have naturally curly hair and finally found a wonderful product with the Nexxus Exxtra Gel many, many years ago. Recently, the formula has changed and the hold is terrible!! My hair is a mess and the gel offers no help. PLEASE bring back the old gel formula!!
Please bring back the old formula. Several women in my household used it for decades and it worked on every hair type.
old formula was such a great product, not sure why it needed to be changed. Please bring the old formula back.
The new formulation has a perfumy odor that is obnoxious and the holding power is diminished. Terrible market research.
This new Gel is terrible. I've been using Nexxus Gel for years and loved it. Odor free, did not flake, right texture. This new stuff is thinner, does not hold as well and above all STINKS !!
I feel like this is New Coke moment for Nexxus. Please bring back the formula that everyone loves and has been using for decades. I cannot bear the new formula...it's thinner, has a strong chemical scent, and leaves an awful residue in the hair.
The new formula is terrible...so oily and slick feeling!! Please go back to the old formula..I love the product, but have had to look else where to find something that compares to the old extra gel!!
The new gel stinks like a heavy perfume and it doesn't hold well. We've used this product for years but will be finding something else now.
I needed to try something new and my grandma recommended it maybe I shouldn't have listened because she's 98 years old and she never knows what she's talking about but I tried it and it was just horrible.
The old formula was great. This product sucks. Bring back the old formula.
I have been using Exxtra gel for more than 20 years and have been extremely happy with it. However this new formula has very little hold and I hate the strong smell. Why would you change a great thing Please bring back the old formula that deserves the name Exxtra.
Ive been using the Nexxus Exxtra Hair Gel for the past 15 years before you even started selling the non-salons retailers. Recently, I ran out of the Gel and had to restock. I usually buy 4-6 tubes at one time. I noticed its not the same strength and it has a new scent. I dont like it I prefer the old version. Do you sell the old version formula If so, where can I buy it If not, I will have to start looking for a new brand Gel.
Worst stuff ever, smells bad, flakes and does not hokd
Used the original product for many years. I've tried the new version for several months and am giving up to look for an alternative. Really wish the old version could be revived or at least an explanation offered for the change. This no longer qualifies as an Extra Hold product in my book.
The old formula was great, held curl after styling. New formula is not effective at all, I threw the rose colored tube away.
Never gave much thought about what I used to keep my hair in place over the years, I just used what my wife had around the house, as long as it wasn't greasy or smelly. So now on my own, as a widow, I used up what was always around over several years. I don't use much. Finally I had to replace the Nexxus Styling Gel, Pure Control Stylizer. I tried the revised Nexxus replacement product and had to throw it out. It was too greasy feeling and the smell was just to much. I hope you do bring back the prior formula, I haven't found a replacement, and one never knows what is missed until it isn't around anymore. And yes for me, this is a good problem to have most of my hair to deal with in my 70's. thx
I have loved the Exxtra gel for about a decade, and I could sense that a change was coming with this gel quite some time ago. I thought it was being totally discontinued, so I rounded up every bottle I could find in the tan packaging and stock piled them. I was relieved to see Nexxus had released Exxtra gel in a shiny new package, and I promptly bought a few bottles online. My happiness changed forever when I realized that more than just the packaging had changed. Where had my beloved Exxtra gel gone The new formula does nothing for my frizz and curls, and to make matters worse the new scent is so overpowering! Nexxus should have specified on the packaging new formula when this was re-released...It is not the same gel, yet it boasts the same name. I will never buy this product again. I am now saving the rest of my tan Exxtra gel bottles for special occasions, and I'm now on the search for a new gel product all together. Such a shame.
If you bring back the old formula, I can GUARANTEE/PROMISE you, Nexxus, that I will buy YOUR hair gel, and NOBODY else's. The old formula was the BEST on the market ...period. As long as you sell it, I will buy it. I will not buy this new formula again, once was enough. Please bring the old formula back.
I'm not sure why there was a need for a change. I have used the old formula for years! Please bring back the old formula.
I have used Nexxus for years, I have fine hair, it was the best gel I had ever used. But no more, it is thin and smells like dish soap. The new tube does not make it any better. I wish I had known they were going to change it. I would have bought a boat load of the old gel.
I have been using Exxtra gel for as long as I can remember. I usually buy it in bulk so I've had the old formula for a while. Not sure when it changed, I thought it was just new packaging... But I am so disappointed. I just used the new formula for the first time. The consistency is thinner, the smell is OFFENSIVE to me... I am tempted to go wash it out, it's so bad. It almost smells like hair products made for men with a musky scent. Why did you change it I definitely don't think the change was for the better. The old formula was the only gel that worked for me and I've been recommending it to people for years. I don't think I'll be buying this again, and it makes me sad. I feel like I'm breaking up with someone! My hair does not look the way it did with the old formula and the smell alone is enough to keep me away. I seriously might cry... Exxtra gel was like a hair miracle. I could apply it to my slept on, unruly, frizzy head of curls and it made my curls look fresh again. My husband literally has commented on the before and after of the old formula, amazed at how shiny and defined my crazy bed head looked after just a dime sized amount. I had to apply a lot more of the new formula, as it is much less concentrated, to get my hair to look acceptable. Why, why, why I see from other reviews that I am not the only unhappy customer...Please bring back the old formula.
I have bought Nexxus Exxtra Gel forever, more than 10 years. I just opened my latest tube, and it smells awful--just terrible. The gel is unusable. My wife said what stinks And that was 30 minutes later when she entered the room! Avoid the new Exxtra Gel. Nexxus, you have made a huge mistake with this new terrible stench scent. This customer is history.
Does not hold as well as the previous product. Noticeably different. I use to but 4-5 tubes at a time since they were hard to find. Now I am looking for a replacement product. No idea why Nexxus changed the product. Crazy!
I have used Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for years, but it is time to find a new gel if you don't bring back the original formula. I don't like the smell of the new formula and it doesn't hold as well as the old formula. Not to mention, the old formula was the only gel I have been able to find that I was able to get it wet and style my hair again later in the day. I won't buy another Nexxus product if this new formula is all you are going to sell going forward. And I only gave 1 star because you have to select at least one.
Was my go to product. Now it stinks. Literally. Go back to the old formula please.
I totally agree with the hundreds of others who are extremely dissatisfied with the new formula and smell of what used to be the best hair gel on the market. I have been using this gel for 30+ years so why change it now! Nothing works like this one did. Please go back to the old formula!!! And please get rid of the horrid smell!
I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years it was used/recommended to me by my stylist. Neither of us could understand why the formula was changed! It is horrible -- doesn't hold fine hair and has an AWFUL scent. (I picked up a friend to go to a movie and she asked the name of the horrible perfume I had on!) I understand now (hopefully I'M right!) that you are going back to the old formula. Is that true How will we know I've already thrown 3 expensive tubes away -- won't buy any more (neither will my stylist recommend) until I'm sure I'm getting the good stuff!
2 out of 5 stars. Donald 2 months ago YOU CHANGED THE FORMULA.....NOT GOOD! Dear Nexxus: I have used your Exxtra Gel, Superior Hold for several years, sold in the tan colored tube. Within the last 6 months or so, the packaging has changed to the copper colored tube, and the gel is different as well. It is less thick and does not hold as well. I was in a store recently and managed to find the older version. It reaffirms my contention that this new formula is not as effective as the old one. Please bring it back!!! Yes, I recommend this product. Review photo 1 Photo This action will open a modal dialog. Review photo 1 QUALITY 2 out of 5 FRAGRANCE 3 out of 5 1 person found this review helpful.0 people did not find this review helpful. Helpful Yes 1 1 person found this review helpful. Click to agree.No 0 0 people did not find this review helpful. Click to agree.Report RESPONSE FROM NEXXUS: Anonymous Csr Services 2 months ago We very much appreciate our consumers feedback, and weve heard you that this product as reformulated - is not providing the best Nexxus experience. Were happy to note that we are tweaking the product and will have the improved/restored formulation back shortly.
I have used the old formula since 2003 and I was super happy with it. The new one is so bad and doesn't hold my hair. I had to start searching for different brands. If you don't want to loose all your consumers , bring the old gel back !!!!
All I see is negative reviews! Have used this for as long as I can remember. I cannot believe they changed the formula. Very disappointing. Any recommendations on a similar product to the old formula
The new Exxtra Gel formula is awful. The old formula was by far the best offered in the market in terms of providing an extra long-lasting hold along with a wet look when desired. The new formula provides zero utility and smells offensive to boot with an undeniably far more powerful fragrance. PLEASE bring the old formula back. I saw Nexus responding in posts last month that an improved/restored formulation will be offered shortly. I really hope this comes to fruition. Although no competitor products I have recently tried come close to measuring up to the original formula, several are indeed superior to your new offering and will unfortunately become my go-to once my current supply of old Exxtra Gel is gone.
The new formulas for your gel and hairsprays are horrific. I depended on the old formulas for many, many years. This stuff is awful.
One would think that the staggering number of negative reviews of the new formula would coax the Nexxus folks into bringing back their old formula. I cannot fathom the decision behind continuing this new, ineffectual formula which, as far as I can tell, has only succeeded in losing customers.
The new formula is horrible......please bring back the old one!!!!
Please bring old formula back, new stuff stinks and doesn't work.
This new gel is awful. I noticed the Nexxus comment that the old improved formula was coming back. Nexxus please advise ETA. Thanks. Jack
I have been using your sculpting gel for quite a few years now and found it really made a difference for my straight hair to hold a style. This new formulation in the pinkish bronze tube does nothing at all, has no hold to it. I do not recommend it for any hair type. So why did you change your formula, Nexxus
Was disappointed when tried to purchase the usual Exxtra gel and saw they were out. I finally found it but noticed the packaging was different. Much to my surprise I found that they had changed the formula. I gave it a try and immediately notice that this was definitely not the same, nor was as good. First was the fragrance, the old had little to no smell to it, but this new one had too strong a smell. I don't want my hair product to have a scent, that is what cologne is for. My wife immediately commented to me that the scent bothered her. The next issue is that the feel, hold and and styling was not as good as before. It make my hair my hair feel soft after, but so did the original. Bottom line is I don't think this is as good a product as the original. Please bring the original formula back and soon. I loved the old product much better!
I can no longer find the original Exxtra Gel - Superior Hold gel that I've been using for years, so I did try your new formula. I do not like it. I returned it. I find that the new formula does not hold as well as the original, and the new scent is way too strong! From your responses to the other disappointed reviews, I'm guessing that you will suggest I call your customer service number, which I will, but will Nexxus consider bringing the original formula back
I have been using this product for 20+ years and was extremely satisfied with the old formula. I am very disappointed in the new formula. The new formula does not hold well at all compared to the old formula. Unfortunately, I am in search for a new product. I really hope Nexxus brings back the old formula.
Finally used up the last of my old tube and ordered this, not knowing they changed it. Terrible. I will not buy another Nexxus product unless they bring the old formula back. I'm sure they won't though, a shame.
HAVE USED THE EXXTRA GEL FOR SOME TIME NOW. WAS WORRIED WHEN I BOUGHT A NEW TUBE AND IT WAS A DIFFERENT COLOR PACKAGING. THEN FOUND OUT AFTER USING IT, MY HAIR WAS WEIGHTED DOWN AND ACTUALLY LOOKED GREASY. STILL HAD THE PREVIOUS TUBE SO I COMPARED THE INGREDIENT LIST AND YOU HAVE DEFINITELY CHANGED IT--FOR THE WORST!!! AND IT STINKS!! PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA. I AM CURRENTLY LOOKING FOR SOMETHING ELSE TO USE.
Customer for 5 years / Found Alternative Product but would be Happy to become a Loyal Customer Again if the product is returned to its Original Formula.
Please bring back the old formula! I echo the voice of many here. I have used Exxtra Gel for many years. I have straight hair. The old formula helped style my hair and the shine could not be touched by any other brand. I too, would get many compliments. I will use it again. Please, please bring back the old formula. Do you have an ETA
This new formula is BAD. What were they thinking when changing this. It is thin and has no holding power. It smells awful. (especially for guys) Why wouldn't you have left the best (old version) holding gel alone. After using this product 25 years I will have to find a new gel. Maybe if we are lucky, they will bring the classic version back soon.
I have been using this sculpting gel for over 10 years and have always gotten compliments on how great my thick curly hair was. Strangers would literally stop me to compliment me on my hair and ask what products I use. I would ALWAYS reccomend Nexxus super hold sculpting gel as my must have product. Unfortunately, the formula has been changed and the new one is no where near the original. Since then, I have tried loads of other gels from ridiculously priced high end to drug store specials and have come up disappointed with all of them. Nothing is like the original sculpting gel. Apparently after seeing the overall response to this product, I am clearly not alone on this. I have a tiny bit left of the old formula that I use sparingly for special occasions, this is pathetic lol!! Please bring the old formula back!!!
I will keep it simple, I have used this product for over 10 years and the new formula is horrible and isn't even close to the original. You have lost a customer unless the is a big change and hopefully back to the original.
I do not know why you changed your extra gel, but it is not the same as the old kind with the other bottle. I have EXTREMELY curly hair and I used that for over 10 years and you all of a sudden you change it!!!!! Please bring it back. The new kind does NOT hold like the other!!!!!I am lost without it!!!!!!
I only wish I knew that Nexxus would plan a drastic change to the formula for the Exxtra Gel. While the price is the same there it has an awful smell while the feel and the performance are not even close. Too bad I was a loyal buyer for years of the previous product!
Not nearly as good as before. The scent is not good. The gel seems runnier and does not hold as well. Just bring back the old formula!!!! I would switch back if I could get the old gel!!!! For now I have moved on to a better product.
I, like the majority of consumers here, have used this product for 10+ years and find the new formulation to be just awful! I have noticed the response from your customer relations states the product will be restored soon....can you provide more information about that How soon Will it be the same as it was Thank you!
I do not like the fragrance. The new formula is horrible. Go back to the old formula.
The old gel is better, please it bring back. I don't like the smell of the new gel and it's too watery. A bottle of the old gel lasted for at least 2 weeks, the new gel 1 week.
I've been using this gel for over 10 years, and WAS in love with this product. Ever since this transformation, it's HORRIBLE.... The consistency and smell is not the same and not even a close comparison. This was a huge mistake by Nexxus. I have curly frizzy hair and this new solution doesn't hold as well and smells bad. I'm very disappointed and now have to find a new product to use going forward. Even the packaging is even disappointing. This went from something that young people loved to use, to something I'd expect to find in my grandmother's salon.
I had used this product 10+ years, but NO more! I bought 5 or 6 tubes and I notice the package changed, but didn't check further. When I did open one a few months later, the smell was horrible pew! I fill a covered container with gel because I use so much for my long, natural curly hair and it's easier that way, well when I did that I saw that the consistency was much different and the smell was overwhelmingly BAD. I used it only 6 or 7 times, but noticed it was drying my hair out, it didn't work at all and I could smell that horrible stench ALL the time! I emptied out the container that I put the gel into, but I can't get the smell out of my container, even after soaking it for two days in Dawn dish soap. If I can't get the smell out, I'll have to throw it away. I'm out a nice chunk of money and I'm VERY unhappy about the change. Sad, another product ruined.
Please revert back to the old Exxtra Gel. I used this product for over 20 years. The horrible smelling fragrance and different formula are a HUGE mistake. I will no longer buy this product, and I'm sad I purchased my usual 2 tubes.... :-(
the new gel is terrible. I've been using the old one for 20 years. The new formula doesn't hold and the smell is awful! why would you change it please bring back the old formula asap!!!!
I used the old formulation of this product for many years. It worked great for me and Now I am trying every darn gel out there to try something that works for me. The new product with the same name is useless and smells awful. Please keep in mind that men also use this product and some of us are not interested in fragrance. Isn't that what perfume/cologne is for! The previous product with the same name was good and I am sorry you changed it.
I'm a little late to the party, but like many others have been very disappointed with the new formula for the Exxtra Gel. I had used the older formula for 5-10 years and was very happy with it. The new version has a heavy scent and doesn't hold my hairstyle as well. I'm using it only because it is time consuming and expensive to find a replacement. Would much prefer the old formula be reintroduced.
THE OLD GEL WAS THE BEST PRODUCT ON THE MARKET. WHY CHANGE A GOOD PRODUCT THE NEW GEL IS BAD AND DOES NOT WORK AS DESCRIBED, THE QUALITY IS BAD BAD BAD
I am lost ever since Nexus changed the Extra Gel. It worked wonders for me. I was always able to take my relaxed hair to new heights when I used the original Nexus Extra Gel. I cannot find anything close to the old product and my hair suffers. I am so disappointed and hurt. I don't know what to do. Any recommendations
The new formula does not hold like the old. It is greasy and smells bad. The old formula worked great so why change. Please bring back old formula!
The change of extra gel is utterly disappointing !
I have probably been using Nexxus extra hold for a good 25 years. My favorite was when we could purchase the product in the pump which has been gone for some time now. Recently, I went to buy the renamed exxtra superior hold only to find out the product is discontinued What happened to my good old Nexxus Exxtra Hold gel that gave my hair the wet look and incredible hold The new gel is so potent in smell and just does not offer the same quality that I have become accustom to over the past few decades. Unfortunately it is time to look for an alternate product as the new regime of Nexxus gel's are no longer meeting my needs.
Wife and I used this for years. Used to be a wonderful product until they added the disgusting smell to the new line. Searching for another product--cannot use this one any more. Very disappointed former customers.
I have used this gel for several years and loved it. The new formula's scent is awful and the gel doesn't hold my hair like the old formula. I will not buy another tube of this gel. I don't understand why it was changed in the first place.
I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years and it was fantastic. The new formula is awful. Too much fragrance and does not leave hair feeling the same. I will not use it.
The new product is a huge downgrade. The water and alcohol content cheapens the quality and the product, Please bring back the old product
I have been using this product for many years until recently the entire formula was changed. I am not happy with the new formula and I would like to know if I can purchase any of the old formula.
I have used this product for over 20 years and can't believe they changed it! like all other reviews smells horrible , consistency is watery and leaves hair crunchy. I have been on the hunt for something that works the, same and haven't found anything! So if any of you have please share!
I hate the changed product! The smell is bad too. Why did you change it
Been using the old product for years and hands down best on the market. The new product is terrible and feels like you added slime to your hair. The old product was awesome and worked well. After application it dried and the hold was awesome and no flaking. Please discontinue the new product and go back to the old!!
I have used nexxus exxtra gel for long time since change of formula I don't like it at all it doesn't hold hair as well and it smells aweful. I will need to find another gel till old formula comes back. This is Terrible loved old formula
I have been a loyal user of Nexxus Exxtra Gel for 20+ years. I loved it!! I would get compliments on my hair all the time and I have recommended it many times over the years. Nexxus, why did you change a good thing!! The new formula is thinner, has dried out my hair, does not control frizz at all and smells horribly like rubbing alcohol. I feel like I am using hand sanitizer on my hair!! Sadly, I am desperately searching for a new product to use on my hair. The only way I would purchase this product again is if you brought back your old formula.
I have used the gel for 20 plus years...the new/revised product does not work nearly as well nor do I like the fragrance.
The new gel is no where near as good as the old gel. Perhaps its a financial decision to dilute the old gel and get 1.3 -1.5 more bottles out of one of the old thereby generating more revenue, OR perhaps its about a need for a new product yet not offering a market test Either way they DO need to bring the old one back. IN the alternative maybe Nexxus can offer the old gel for sale Online ONLY and see what the consumer preference is
Like a lot of other customers posts about this product, I do not like the change. I too have used this gel for years and loved it. I was hooked the 1st time I tried it. My hair is thick and naturally curly. I deal with a fair amount of frizz, a daily ordeal and nothing has helped like.Nexxus Gel. Now, I put your gel in my hair and as my hair dries it starts to feel like glue. Once my hair is dry, along with the feel of glue my hair feels like straw. I can't run my hand through my hair. I used to be able to get up the day after I washed my hair and add more gel to control any frizz. Now with the new gel when I try to put more gel in my hair, my hair feels like a stiff gluey mess. Stiff as straw and impossible to comb, even with a wide tooth comb. There's no shine, totally dull and lifeless. I was mortified some one might try to touch my hair. Really gross. I washed it out of my hair and never used it again. I've got half a tube and a full tube sitting in my closet, not being used! Please bring back your old gel! PLEASE!!!! Thank you
The formula change is terrible. The product doesn't work nearly as well and the smell is so bad I can no longer use it. I see from previous comment responses that you are planning on changing it again. I hope that happens soon. The new product is going in the trash.
I loved the original formula. My hair was moisturized and shiny when I used it, most importantly the hold was firm but not crunchy. I used the new formula thinking that the bottle was redesigned. I noticed a difference in the formula too when my hair started to frizz. The scent was too much to bear and there was flaking!!! I never experienced flaking with this gel before. Now I must find a new gel or make my own flax seed gel.
The bad reviews are right- the new gel formula is watery. I was using the product for over ten years to smooth straightened hair in a ponytail (my hair is naturally curly). Now it causes my edges to curl up and gives no hold, and creates bad texture. Bummer.
PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD EXXTRA GEL!! The new one is terrible and I see most people feel the same way I do. Please sell me whatever you have left of the old EXXTRA Gel.
I was a faithful costumer for 15+ years! My hair is now dry, curls are unrefined, frizzy, the smell is way toooo strong, please please bring back old formula!!!!
The original product was great! The new product does not even come close to holding the hair as the original did. The new fragrance is also not pleasant. PLEASE bring back the original Nexus Gel Exxtra!!!!!!!!!!
I have used the old formula for almost 20 years the current product has less hold and it smells like a hospital antiseptic. Please bring the old formula back -- call it Classic Exxtra Hold or something.
Doesn't hold my curls, feels like water, and smell is horrible and overpowering. Need original formula back quick!
I was a faithful user of the original Gel I absolutely loved it but this new stuff is horrible whoever decided to change this should be fired!
I HAVE BEEN USING THE PREVIOUS GEL PRODUCT FOR YEARS AND WHEN I WENT TO PURCHASE A NEW ONE SINCE MINE RAN OUT , I BOUGHT THIS ONE I USED IT ONCE AND WITHIN 6 HOURS OF USING IT, I HAD TO REWASH MY HAIR BECAUSE I COULDN'T STAND THE SMELL! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used Exxtra Gel since 1988 and it WAS the best gel on the market until earlier in 2015 when you made the mistake of re-formulating it. It is thinner in consistency and doesn't hold nearly as well as the previous formula. Now about the new scent, it is the most horrible smell you could have ever invented! Consider the fact that just as many men use your gel as women do, besides you don't need to add fragrance to styling gel. Men use cologne and women perfume. I have been using gel from one of your competitors, but if you restore your exxtra gel to the previous formula I will return to Nexxus.
I have used Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for almost 20 years and am very upset that the formula has changed. It does not compare with the old Gel and I don't like the strong smell. Please give us our old formula back. If you don't I have to find something else.
Been using this product for over 15 years. Why would they change a good thing Please bring back the old formula
I've used Exxtra Gel for 20 years - it WAS the best styling product on the market. New formula smells like body odor and it doesn't perform as well. HORRIBLE!!! I used it and had to wash my hair to get the odor out!!! PLEASE bring back the original formula. Why did you change such a great product
The original version was a wonderful, dependable product I have used for many, many years and was taken off the market and changed for no good reason when it worked so well. It has a repulsive fragrance and is more watery. I actually had to rewash my hair 30 minutes after using it because I could not bear the fragrance. Extremely disappointed and don't know what I will do now after all these years using the Exxtra Gel as it previously was marketed.
THE NEW PRODUCT REALLY IS TERRIBLE, AND STINKS. IT DOES NOT WORK
As I'm sure you know by now, and comments by your company indicate, you will be bringing back the old formula because the vast majority of folks thinks your new version is terrible and unless this is changes soon, you will loose decades old customers including myself. My question is when should we see this--You need to get on it and make this happen very quickly.
I have used this product for over 15 years. It WAS the best. The new formula is sticky and it stinks. Please bring back the old formula. I've noticed that everyone agrees. Why did you change it
I called nexxus when I bought the new gel and let them know the old formula is the only gel that has ever worked in my hair. I Have very long thick curly hair and use 4 bottles a month , I went out and searched every store for all the old bottles left on the shelves at home Ievery store that carried it. I am now looking for something different to start using. Unless you put the old stuff back I will never buy nexxus products again. Really hoping to see it back .
Please bring back the old one, as others I have been using it for years and was very satisfied. I am bringing the new one back to the store and going to try to find a new gel that doesn't stink.
The package being changed didnt concern me when I last bought this product. The formula changes you made was very disappointing. I was able to find some of the previous gel formula online and stocked up. But unless the old formula is brought back I will no longer purchase this product.
Why change a good thing This new product is so awful I didn't even want to give it one star. It's rancid. Horrible. So now I'm enraged. The old formula was the only product that worked in my hair. So now what Definitely not buying the new formula ever again.
So upset that nexxus changed their gel. It was my favorite for years until it changed. I can't use this new gel. Dries my hair out. I have to find a new gel.
After I wrote the first review I wanted to add some thoughts to it. There is nothing about the new product I like or will continue to use. The smell is terrible just like alcohol. It has no feel, I can't even tell where I put it on my hair. When you wash your hands after applying it you can't even feel there is anything to was off. Too much alcohol, afraid it is going to really dry out my hair.
Why did you change this product I am now looking for a new gel. It seems every time I find a product I really like, the company either discontinues it or changes it.
Different ingredients in new product (oils) not good for fine, thin hair that needs volume. Bring back old product!!!!
Unfortunately you lost a loyal customer. I have used this product for over 10 years. It was the only product that worked with my hair. Very unhappy that you changed an awesome product. Very unhappy
THIS IS A TERRIBLE PRODUCT BRING BACK THE OLD VERSION
Nexxus Exxtra Gel is no longer a product I will buy. The formulation has changed it does not perform anything akin to the previous product. I've been using this product for many years and will look for a replacement product.
The gel may be in a shiny new bottle , but the product lacks the quality it once had . Too much ammonia or alcohol ,the smell is overwhelming to say the least ,and the results are obvious with the dry frizzy hair after using the newer bottle . I have used this product for several years , and I am very unhappy with the change .
I am a few months away from turning 50 and started using Nexxus Exxtra gel when I entered the military at age 18!!! Nexus Exxtra gel has been my/the ONLY gel that I have used or would use in more than 30 years...though the packaging has changed over the past 30+ years, the formula has ALWAYS remained true until now. Beleive me, it was perfect and you really should go back!!! The ORIGINAL formula was a great consistency to apply, superior hold, no flaking when combed out and absolutely no heavy build up....even after several days of use....NONE! My hair has always been important to me and my one TRIED and TRUE gel has changed. PLEASE change back.... When something is perfect, you don't change....read the hundreds and soon to be thousands of other reviews on this change.... Everyone hates the new stuff. I'm a 30 year veteran of your original product and hate the new stuff....you know it's not the same as soon as you apply it in your hands!
The new product is very strong smelling and gave me a headache. I will not be using it in the future.
I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for many years. Recently bought 2 new tubes and hate it. It does not work at all like the previous formula and the scent is terrible. Who made this decision I want my money back.
I have used the prior product for many years . this is TERRIBLE ! doesn't work , smells horrible . switch back now . 0 stars
Terrible!!! You've changed the ingrediants when you went from gold bottle to bronze / copper. Works no where near as good as it used to. Smells different to.
I too have used this product for years and am EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED in the new gel. It is too watery and does not keep my curls under control the way the old gel did. PLEASE bring back the old gel!!!
I have been using this product for many years and it was superior to all others on the market. I just bought a new tube two weeks ago and it different. It no longer holds my hair in place and is much more watery. I will no longer buy this product as it is.
Worst product, the sent is very bad and it's almost watery. They need to go back to the original.
I am searching for another product since my recent purchase of the new albeit not improved EXXTRA gel. The consistency is watered down and the fragrance is unpleasant. I am disappointed and you have lost a customer of many years.
I have been hunting for the grey/tan bottle for months but can only find themes rose colored tube gel. Please go back to the grey tube. The old formula was perfect for my curls. I can't find any products out there now that I like including the new rose bottle. It just doesn't hold anything! Besides I used to get so many compliments with the old formula now I just look like a frizz ball!! So sad!!
New formula smells bad and does not hold like the old formula. I also had a problem where the tube broke open on the side and started leaking. The packaging feels and looks real cheap. After 10 plus years of using this product I'm now looking for a new gel.
Like most others with curly hair it's near impossible to find the perfect product or combination of products to control the frizz and not kill your curl. The old version was awesome, smelled good and worked great with only small amounts needed. Who in the world changed it Did you use a focus group of actual customers The new product is terrible, doesn't do anything for my hair, is thin and smells terrible (like an old lady coming from the beauty parlor). For the love of all that's right, change it back PLEASE!!! 240 out of 270 reviewers hate it, I can't think of a better reason to go back to the original! Listen to your loyal customers Nexxus, or you'll lose them.
always used the product and loved it. They changed the formula and its terrible. will throw what is left of new bottle away. Please bring back old gel
I loved the old formulation of this product. It was absolutely perfect. The shine, the stylability, the glossy, shiney finish. This newer version is stickier to work with, has a duller finish and the fragrance is more perfumey now instead of the previous cleaner, fresher scent. I am so disappointed that you discontinued making the other earlier - more perfect gel.
I have used this product for years. The new product has an awful scent.
I have been using Nexxus Extra Gel since the 80's....back when it was sold in salons. I have course, thick, curly hair and am also a professional hair stylist. I have tried tons of professional gels over the years and never found one that kept my curls nice and controlled fritz the way the OLD NEXXUS FORMULA did. The new formula is HORRIBLE!!! My hair is lifeless, frizzy and dull. I have also noticed my scalp itches quite a bit which I have never experienced before, but am unsure if the new formula could be causing it or not. PLEASE! Go back to the old formula! You had a great product for thick, curly hair! Most gels out there are so watery and are not compatible with that hair type. So many companies cater to normal or fine hair types, it is ridiculous. After reading so many of the reviews I am hoping you honor your loyal customers requests and go back to the old formula! If you want to change anything on the old formula you could change the scent... it smells more masculine. A more sweet, fresh scent would be nice.... but using the old formula!
Completely unusable. I have used this for the last 10 yrs, but needed to switch to another product. The old product had a very mild fragrance and was fine for a guy to use in a professional work environment. I have switched to a Redken, but would switch back in a minute if they brought back the old product.
The Gel is the worst reformulation of a product, ever. It was always a FANTASTIC product, held good, smelled good, but now it does not hold, and you can't tell where you put it on your wet hair. It does not hold nearly as well, and it smells horrible.
As others have stated, I've used this product for many years and was so happy that it was affordable and did what it said it would. I have very fine thin hair and this was just the ticket for getting some texture and hold. Why do companies have to fix what ain't broke I can only assume it has to do with cheaper ingredients. This makes me sad!
I have used this product for years and loved it. I went to buy more and noticed the tune was different and the product now horrible. Scent is bad and consistency had changed. Time for me to change to a different gel.
I was an advis user of Nexxus Extra Gel. I recently purchased a new bottle. I absolutely LOVE the fragrance, however they must have changed the formula because my curls are not the same. I wish they would go back to the original formula. It's just not the same. Sorry Nexxus.
I used to use the Nexxus Exxtra Gel all the time before they changed to product and added fragrance. The gel did not hold up well anymore and my hair smelled like a woman kind of hard to use it when your man. Wish they still had the old non fragranced gel.
A couple years ago I tried the Nexxus Exxtra Gel and it was the best gel I had ever used. I was an instant fan and became a loyal customer of this and some of the other Nexxus products. I would brag about Nexxus anytime a stylist asked me to try something different. Unfortunately I'm no longer a fan after having bought two bottles of the newly formulated Nexxus Exxtra Gel. The new formula is now the worst gel I have ever used and I'm upset that the new prettier packaging didn't bother to advertise they changed the formula. I bought the first bottle and thought someone must have tampered with it because it smelled like baby oil. when I bought the second bottle I realized that the formula really had been changed to one that seemed watered down and cheap. It has turned me away from the Nexxus product line I once bragged about and my stylists are happy that I'm buying different brands from them again.
I've been using this product for over 10 years. Even after trying countless other brands, I always come back to this one. That is until now. Why tamper with perfection This new formula leaves my curls dull and frizzy. I hate to say it, but I really dislike this new version. Please bring back the original.
Why do companies have to change a product that works! I have been using Nexxus Extra Gel for better then 10 years now it is no longer available. I purchased Nexxus Extra Gel Professional and it is horrible. It is thinner and the smell is terrible too strong for a male. I went on-line to locate the original product and it is priced through the roof. I would buy a case if I could locate one. I do not recommend this professional product. Time to find a different product.
I have used this product for years for my curls and ABSOLUTELY love it! But it has been changed and it not nearly as good. PLEASE bring back the old formula in the gold tube!
Ive been using the EEXTRA GEL SUPERIOR HOLD Sculpting Gel for four years and loved it. When I got the new one I thought maybe it is just a new tube color but to my disappointment it was a completely new and definitely NOT improved product. I have thick dry curly hair and the original product made it look so nice and natural. I was always stopped by other curley women who wanted to know my secret. I would apply it on wet hair and twirl my curls. Once dried, the hair wasnt stiff like in other products and it really looked great for at least two days. The new products is hard to apply it doesnt sculpt and stays frizzy. I have to use a lot more to maintain some shape to the curls. Once it dries, my curls feel stiff and they look dead and lackluster. I am so disappointed. Why did Nexus feel the need to change a good product I loved it. I didnt even mention the yucky smell because that is the least of my problems. I wont continue using this product that is for sure.
I totally agree with the customers who have expressed their displeasure. I am so disappointed that Nexxus has changed the formula of the Exxtra Gel. I have been using the previous product exclusively for a number of years. I have thin hair and the original gel was the only product the allowed me to achieve the results I wanted. I am saddened that I now have to buy different products to find the one that will work for me. If Nexxus were to return to the original formula, I would certainly purchase the product. If the product remains as it is now, I will not be purchasing any Nexxus products in the future.
I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years and just purchased a new tube. I am very disappointed in the new product. It has made my hair oily and I do not like the scent. I will be looking for a replacement product on my next shopping trip. I can't imagine why you changed something that was so good to begin with. Also, the new tube has a lot more ingredients than my old tube. Please go back to the original recipe.
The previous product (Exxtra Gel) worked great, but now the new product (the same brand as before) does not work at all, the strength of which is not enough to hold the hair style. Can you tell me the difference
I exclusively used the old version of this product for years and the new version doesn't hold my curls or reduce frizz. Hoping I can at least find a few old tubes while I unhappily search for a new product.
Simply put, the new product does not work. Have been a loyal customer for years but will have to switch. This was a big mistake in changing the formula as you will definitely lose long-term customers. I hope you reconsider your decision and bring the old formulation back.
I've been using this gel for as long as I can remember and unfortunately have bought my last tube - the new formula and fragrance are not good for me - what a disappointment - if it ain't broke, don't fix it!
Like almost everyone else I absolutely can't stand this new formula. I've been using this gel for 20+ years. Nothing came close to the old formula. Now the new formula stinks (smell), doesn't work as well. I'm looking at alternative gels. Nexxus messed up BIG TIME!!!!!
I had been using the old formula for a great number of years an loved it. The new formula is thinner, has a stronger fragrance which competes with my cologne and has less hold. I can't image why Nexxus would find this to be an improvement. NOT a good move. I want my old product back!!!
After using this product for many, many years, it has been changed and it is nothing like the original product. It is not at all effective as a styling gel.
This is a different formulation. It has a thinner, watery consistency and a very strong (perfume) like fragrance. I am very disappointed by the change. This product was a staple in my daily routine for over 10 years. I wish they would have just left the product alone.
This gel used to be great. They recently reformulated it and it is a very different product with the same name. At first, I figured they just updated the packaging, but as soon as I squirted some out, the difference was obvious. It looks different, smells different, and behaves very differently in your hair. Honestly, they should have just said that they were discontinuing the product and came up with a new name for it. The ingredients are not the same. I don't know what they were thinking.Personally, I have curly/wavy hair and I don't find that this stuff holds up throughout the day. Especially on humid days, when my hair just looks poofy. I am currently trying to find a new hair gel that I like as much as the old version of this product. I will not be buying this product again, unfortunately.
Nexxus has changed their exxtra gel. The new formula makes hair a frizzy mess. Look St how old the other reviews are. They are for the old formula which was great.
I received my package today! I am very unhappy The container was open and spill over the inside of the box. I requesting a refund!
Cookies. In my class we tried 3 different types of cookies. Sunny original select, Keebler chips deluxe and chips ahoy. I didnt really like them but they were alright. All the cookies had chocolate chips. they were the same shape and bought at foodmaxx The difference between the cookies were the prices the calories and the tastes.
Love Chips Ahoy. But bought these from Walmart they were old dry and crumbly.
I just don't understand how Walmart can ship cookies without any protective wrap! The cookies were completely broken during shipping.
They where really dark didn't taste good at all and the date said they where fresh but definitely didn't taste as such.
I purchased these cookies and got them home only to find most of the cookies were broken into pieces.
I bought this silky version just to try a new scent.. i usually buy the white jasmine detoxifying body wash, after the first use my skin was red and itchy but i thought it may have been a new perfume i had recently bought. i stopped using the perfume and continued using the body wash only to end up with very red, itchy and bumpy skin... i HIGHLY suggest you pass this product by when shopping for a new body wash.
The new versions of Caress bar soap smell way to strong - they stunk up our whole house. I had to wrap them in plastic and give them to a homeless shelter. Please go back to the wonderful original scent.
Walmart will not fulfill a 2 pack order on this item, you will get one pack, I would suggest buying Olay or Dove which in some cases can be slightly cheaper.
Don't buy this LED. They only last for a couple months in our bath room fan. I have gone through 4 of them in just 2 years!
I bought a 6-pack of these Feit 60W Equivalent Warm White (3000K) A19 LED bulbs, but I also bought a few Phillips 60W Equivalent Warm White LED bulbs too. They looked exactly the same, so I wanted to see how they compared, and I'm glad I did. Upon installing these bulbs in various fixtures around the house, I have noticed that every one of the Feit bulbs flicker - reacting to the slightest frequencies. Initially, I attempted to just put up with it, because they were cheap, but now it has become increasingly irritating. In comparison, the Phillips LED bulbs I purchased have a warmer white light, and they also do not flicker. So yes, the extra few cents I saved by going for these cheap Fiet bulbs - definitely NOT worth it. Go for quality, not quantity.
It flickers. When turned off and then turned on, it recovers some times. It does not do it all the time, but frequently enough to annoy you. I am using it with a Lutron dimmer, but should not be a problem as it is supposed to be dimmeable. Not happy with it. I will try a different brand. (Phillips). Problem is that it is hard to get the GU24, and this is the only one available at the store.
let me check my receipt! it just was blan
Bought this product when it was offered in a bundle with the grapefruit facial wash. Both have extremely chemical-like aromas. I tried this a couple of times. I guess I could say that it was the horrible smell that woke me up. But who wants that in the morning!
Overall, the product isn't horrible, but it definitely didn't have that grapefruit scent that I was looking forward to. It also didn't do much for my skin. I wouldn't waste time or money on it
Worst shower gel ever: irritating on eyes and skin, dangerously slippery in the shower/bath tub! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have the grapefruit facial scrub which I love and smells great, but this body wash is really disappointing. It has virtually no smell at all... to the point where I wonder if I got a bad batch or something Just a very faint plasticky soap smell. There's nothing impressive or rejuvenating about the way it works either. Doesn't exactly dry out my skin, doesn't really moisturize it either. Seems like a product from the 99 store. Also, the pop top on the bottle doesn't work so I have to unscrew the whole top to use it.
I love the scent of grapefruit, especially in a body wash. So I ordered two without trying it first. I am disappointed because the smell is so faint. I can hardly smell the grapefruit. Also it is very difficult to rinse off and leaves a film on my body. I used it twice but, unfortunately, have stopped using it because of the film it leaves.
Very disappointed with this movie. Story was boring, acting wasn't too good, not what I thought it would be. Please don't waste your money buying it.
I ordered this through walmart.com. Maybe i got a very old product. The packaging looked dirty and old. The lotion smells bad.
I was very disappointed in this product. It didn't make my nails stronger at all, and it actually made my hands dryer. I've used the body lotion and the essential healing hand cream for a long time and love them.
For the price I expected this to be one of the better hand creams. The moisturiser is non-greasy but soaks in and dries so fast that it feels like it has just evaporated. With every use my hands were left just as dry as before. I gave the cream weeks of use to see if it would improve, but it never did. I applied more and more with each use and more often throughout the day but it never made a difference. My hands were getting so bad they were cracking and bleeding. I've resorted to another brand entirely and use it only once a day and the change and improvement in my skin was instant and fixed my damaged broken skin in under a week. Don't waste your money on this cream.
Date on cans was expired
I have read the entire Alex Cross series and I was so disappointed in the movie. Perry was good as Alex Cross, but how can Alex not have his life long friend Samson in the movie? And Cicely Tyson as Nana momma? She was a great actress in her day, but her slurred speech for Nana the retired demanding school teacher was a poor cast. I'm sorry I bought the movie. They need to do another movie and stay closer to the books.
Idris Elba was originally cast in the lead role. Apparently before the budget was cut dramatically. Had they stuck with that decision, this film could have been a great deal better. As it is, Tyler Perry is awful as the lead. Every scene with him speaking made me cringe. I knew this movie was a throw away when I read a producer's quote (after switching from Idris to Tyler) that said, "if you can get Will Smith or Tyler Perry, you do it"... Like Perry is in the same league as Will Smith when it comes to mass market, big budget films. Yes, he's had a fair amount of success, but in a very narrow range of film types.
Bring back the old formula! This new formula is horrible. The following day my hair is super oily. Also they added biotin in their new formulas... Biotin makes my hair fallout. PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA!!!!!!!!!
The total care original formula was the best! It was the only shampoo that I would use. It had the best scent and my hair reacted really well with it. I am extremely disappointed with the new formula. It weighed down my hair and I did not like the smell at all. I won't be purchasing this shampoo anymore unless the original total care comes back.!
I'm very disappointed with the new formula. I used to love this shampoo and recommended it to everyone! The old formula worked great with my fine, oily hair. I gave the new formula a try and it weighs down my hair and starts to get oily by late afternoon. Unfortunately, I will no longer be buying this product as my hair can't take it.
I'm so glad I'm not the only one completely disappointed with the new formula!!!! I, too, have been using the old Total Care for years. It cleared up my scalp, left my hair shiny, and smelled fantastic. I was impressed because it cleared up my scalp without using the main ingredients in other dandruff shampoos. Now I guess I have to go on a hunt for the old formula and stock up or you just lost yet ANOTHER customer!!!! My only guess is the new formula is cheaper and you get to sell it for the same price. What ever happened to quality products..
I loved this shampoo!!! It used to make my hair feel and smell soooo good!!! And the smell was so awesome and lasted til my next shampoo. I would always have people tell me how good I smelled and ask me what it was and I would say... Thanks, it's my hair! Several of my friends and coworkers switched shampoo because of how soft and shiny mine was and how good it smelled. But now sad to say, this is the last I will buy unless the new formula returns! My hair is so oily now and while in the shower the new smell is sooo strong and obnoxious it literally gives me a headache, but as soon as my hair dries no more smell. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, Bring back the original!!!
Used the old formula for several years, people would compliment the way my hair smelled and looked all the time! The new formula leaves my hair weighed down and is just not the same. I'm sad that I now have to try to find a new shampoo that I will be happy with again.
The new formula is not working. I bought one bottle and will not buy another. The new and improved has done nothing for my hair. It has caused dry scalp and skin irritation. Please bring back the original formula.
I really miss your old scent been buying it for ever because of it I always got compliments. Got people to change to this shampoo and conditioner. Always had that scent all day long really miss the scent
I have used CLEAR Total care shampoo and conditioner every since it hit the shelves and was very pleased with the product. It left my hair frizz free, light and not weighed down smelly great. Since the new formula has been released, my hair is weighed down and the new fragrance is horrible.
I'm very disappointed with the new formula. I used to love this shampoo and recommended it to everyone! The old formula worked great with my fine, oily hair. I gave the new formula a try and it weighs down my hair and starts to get oily by late afternoon. Unfortunately, I will no longer be buying this product as my hair can't take it.
I used the 24/7 for three days and my entire scalp and neck started breaking out in big painful zits. I am not typically a person that gets acne. For me one zit on my face is a breakout.
This shampoo brought my dandruff back :(. I loved how the old total care shampoo smelled. Will try another brand now.
I do not like the new formula...I loved the old Clear Total care formula and scent. Please go back to this or at least have it as an option for purchase!
Use to love this product and would get compliments on how good my hair would smell.. The new formula weights down my hair, makes it oily and makes you smell like you bathed in tanning lotion.. please bring back the old formula!
the new version is terrible and ruined my hair. the old one was my saviour.
Am very displeased with the new formula. The scent doesn't last in my hair like before. I wished you all would switch back to the old formula or make both so we can choose which one we want to buy
The new coconut scent is nowhere near as fabulous as the original scent. It is highly disappointing. Please bring back the old formula.
I used to love this product, but like the other reviews the new formula is horrible. Dont care for the new smell, and it leaves my hair feeling very heavy and like i didnt just wash it
I have been using total care for a long time. Loved the smell. That is all i used. However the new version 24/7 total care i don't like the smell. I will be switching to another brand. Very disappointed.
I used to love Clear total care shampoo and conditioner. I always got complimented on how nice my hair smelled and looked. People always asked me what I used In my hair. I recently bought the new formula/ scent and since using it I've noticed my hair isn't as soft as it used to be. The scent is terrible. The new formula makes my hair greasy. I want the old formula and scent back!!!! I'm now going to have to search for a new shampoo and conditioner. : ( I'm so disappointed
As a long time user of this shampoo I was extremely disappointed to find the new formula is unusable for me. The old formula had a fantastic scent that was light and clean. Certain flowery scents give me migraines, so scent is a big factor for me in hair products. The new version is heavily scented and intolerable for me. The old formula left my hair clean, shiny, and manageable. Two days of the new formula left my hair heavy and greasy. Please bring back the old formula, otherwise you've lost a customer. :-(
I would like to share how unbelievably disappointed I am with the new formula. There was nothing wrong with the original formula, in fact, it was perfect. I recently went to the store for a refill and saw only the new formula on the shelf, so I decided to give it a try. It's terrible. It makes hair greasy and does not smell good anymore. What a complete shock and disappointment! Will be looking for a new shampoo product unfortunately.
I used to use ONLY this shampoo and conditioner, but since they changed it, I've switched. Not only is the smell COMPLETELY different. It also leaves my hair EXTREMELY greasy. The cocunt smell is TERRIBLE. Please bring the old Clear back! I've been waiting months now. Fire whoever came up with the idea to change the smell! I won't use Clear again until I see they changed it. It's like a science experiment gone wrong.
I hate writing a bad review a year ago I would have given this brand a 10 star! I loved the formula and smell ...it was amazing and my hair was always shiny and vibrant, and the smell was awesome..I thought I was crazy I had been using the new stuff for about 2 months and figured the ingredients hadn't changed much but I noticed my hair felt greasy after each wash I found one of the old bottles of the frizz control formula stashed away that I had forgotten about I used it and it's a world of difference needless to say if it isn't broken don't fix it. :/
What happened I used to love Clear Shampoo because of how amazing it smelled and how light it made my hair. Now it smells so bad. Coconut doesn't even do anything. The formula is way too thick and made my hair feel really gross. PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA!
This shampoo and conditioner combo was my holy grail! Since they've changed the formula I have not been able to find anything that comes close. So sad...I have no idea why it changed, but please, please bring it back. Thank you!
I used to absolutely love this shampoo conditioner! My favorite part was the smell! It was phenomenal! I would get compliments on my hair everyday saying my hair smelt delicious! When I purchased this new formula I was so Dissappointed. The scent was completely different, and as a woman with oily hair, this product weighed my hair down. I will not be repurchasing this product again. Now on the search for a new, great-smelling shampoo.
Not a fan of the new formula, and particularly despise the new scent. This was the only shampoo conditioner I purchased for the past 4 years, and would have continued to do so if they hadn't changed it. I never write reviews but felt compelled to in hopes they would bring back the original. Until that happens, I'm forced to shop for a different brand because formula aside, I honestly can't stand the scent of the new shampoo conditioner.
I started using Clear Total Care since it first came out. I loved it! I have a sensitive scalp and other products made it either too oily or too dry but not Clear, that is until their new formula! My scalp is both itchy and oily and the wonderful fragrance that lingered all day is also gone in the new formula:( I will not be using this product. Several of my family members and friends that used the old formula have also discontinued using the new Clear. So bummed!
Please bring back the old formula. I really dislike the new formula. Plus it makes my hair greasy!! i am not a fan of the new scent ! A lot of my friends have stopped using this brand because of the formula change!!
I've been a clear lover for a while now, it was the only shampoo I bought because it didn't give me dandruff and the biggest reason I bought was because it smelt AMAZING! Everything was perfect (p.s I used only strong lengths shampoo and conditioner) until no store sells them anymore and they only sell the newer 24/7 bottles and I just can't stand the new smell..They've lost me as a customer because of this. :/
The total care original formula was the best! It was the only shampoo that I would use. It had the best scent and my hair reacted really well with it. I am extremely disappointed with the new formula. It weighed down my hair and I did not like the smell at all. I won't be purchasing this shampoo anymore unless the original total care comes back.!
I fell in love with Clear Total Care. It made my hair feel smooth and smell fantastic. Then the new formula was released. I got dandruff and my hair doesn't have the same clean, healthy feel. Very disappointed that I'll have to shop for a different shampoo. My head has itched for days from reacting to the new formula with dandruff and a bunch of bloody, red dots on my head. So sad that I have to leave such a good brand because of an unnecessary change. Disappointed.
One of the main reasons I have loved Clear shampoo is the wonderful scent it had. The new scent is terrible and I don't feel like I get the same results as I used to. Please bring back the old formula!
I really don't like the new coconut smell. Please bring back the wonderful scent back for us. Obviously I am not the only one like that smell. I just bought 3 bottles of shampoo and 2 conditioner and discovered the smell has been changed to a coconut one. It really disappointed me with the smell and I am gonna return it. Sad to say that I am not going to repurchase it unless the wonderful scent being brought back :(
I really don't like the new coconut smell. Please bring back the wonderful scent back for us. Obviously I am not the only one like that smell. I just bought 3 bottles of shampoo and 2 conditioner and discovered the smell has been changed to a coconut one. It really disappointed me with the smell and I am gonna return it. Sad to say that I am not going to repurchase it unless the wonderful scent being brought back :(
Bring back the old formula! This new formula is horrible. The following day my hair is super oily. Also they added biotin in their new formulas... Biotin makes my hair fallout. PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA!!!!!!!!!
Do not care for new formula of shampoo and conditioner for 24/7 Total Care. Would really like the old formula back!
This upgrade you've made to the formula is awful. I still have nearly a full bottle that I will not use. The new formula's scent is not nice at all and it does not leave my hair shiny at all! Please bring back the old formula!
The previous formula made my hair feel so healthy and luscious. It also smelled SUPER good. I've used it for 4 years and I used to get tons of compliments on the scent even after exercising. I'm very unhappy with how it's being made now.
I have used this shampoo for year and it was amazing! Since they came out with the new formula I will never buy it again. My hair looks so greasy and flat right after blowing it dry. The new formula also smells bad. Sad day!
I've been using this shampoo and conditioner religiously since it came out. 1 reason because of the unique scent. Everyone always comment how good my hair smelled. It became MY scent and now it's gone and I'm incredibly sad. Looking at different brands now :(
I have used this shampoo since it was launched. Recently purchase the New formula batch and not happy with the change. It leaves my hair heavy, greasy and unmanageable. Sorry, but I will be searching for the old formula or a new brand all together. The old saying goes... If it's not broke, don't fix it.
It pains me to write a bad review since I used to swear by this product. It used to be the only shampoo and conditioner that actually solved my dry scalp and dandruff and would leave my hair smelling amazing. I used this product for almost 3 years. Ever since the new formula launched, my dandruff came back. I start seeing flakes as soon as my hair dries and my scalp itches. Please bring back the old formula and have it available from reading other people's recent reviews it looks like I'm not the only person dissatisfied with the changes to the product. I'm so disappointed by the quality of this new formula. Until then, I will be looking for another shampoo and conditioner that actually works.
I loved this shampoo/conditioner when it first came out. It made my hair soft and silky and I could go 2 days without washing (I have super oily hair). Now my hair is greasy and tends to flake. BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA! This one even smells different!
I loved this shampoo!!! It used to make my hair feel and smell soooo good!!! And the smell was so awesome and lasted til my next shampoo. I would always have people tell me how good I smelled and ask me what it was and I would say... Thanks, it's my hair! Several of my friends and coworkers switched shampoo because of how soft and shiny mine was and how good it smelled. But now sad to say, this is the last I will buy unless the new formula returns! My hair is so oily now and while in the shower the new smell is sooo strong and obnoxious it literally gives me a headache, but as soon as my hair dries no more smell. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, Bring back the original!!!
Used to religiously buy and used this product with the old forma. The way it made my hair feel and look was amazing. The scents were sooo pleasant. The new formula makes my hair gross, greasy and not fresh looking. And the new scents are absolutely awful. Please bring back the old formula and scents. Until then I have completely switched brands.
I used to love clear. I have very oily hair and it used to help controlling it. When I went to my local big box and saw that they changed bottle and read that it was a new scent I thought I should buy a smaller bottle to see if I like the scent first. GOOD THING I DID! The smell is totally different, it doesn't control my oil anymore and it doesn't give me the body like it used to. I told everyone about clear when I first used it and liked it. Now, I am not so confident about recommending it. Please bring back the old formula and scent! I really don't like this new one.
I don't like any of the new formulas they are not as good as they used to be. I miss everything about the old formulas. Specially strong lengths. So sad everything was change. I hope they bring them back soon!!
This use to be my favorite shampoo and conditioner, It made my hair look and feel like I just walked out of the salon. I would get compliments on how great my hair smelled several times a day. People would often ask me what I was wearing that smelled so good and I would always reply with a smile It's my hair. Then I purchased this new formula and scent and instantly noticed the difference. My hair was weighted down and looked greasy and there was no beautiful scent. I've switched shampoos since and can't seem to find one that makes my hair look as good or smell as good as this shampoo once did. PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD SCENT AND FORMULA. PLEASE!!!!
I'm not one to write online reviews, but I am so sadly disappointed in the new formula that I had give the Clear company feedback. I've used the Clear shampoo for normal hair ever since it first hit shelves. I absolutely loved it. For years I was complimented on my extra long hair and asked what shampoo I used. I stopped using any other styling products because my hair didn't need them anymore. I didn't get a haircut for over 2 years, and when I finally went to cut off 14 inches, my hairdresser said, I can't believe how incredibly healthy your hair is after two years without a cut! And then the new formula came out and everything changed. I'm incredibly disappointed in the new formula. My scalp has never felt more oily. Now I blowout my hair at 8am and by 10am it's greasy looking and feels weighed down at the scalp. I actually went out and got a dry shampoo to use in the afternoons because I cant stand the oily feeling on my scalp any longer. I have searched the internet and I've yet to find one positive review of the new formula from other loyal users. I also can't find any explanation of the new formula, what it is, how it is different, why you changed it, other than a blog post New year, New clear. Unfortunately I'll no longer be using what was once a fantastic product, and I'm now in the miserable process of looking for a new shampoo.
I loved the old formula and scent, I would stock up on it for months! Now the new formula has a scent I don't like and it doesn't make my hair as silky soft and smooth as it used to! Please switch back to the older formula and scent!!!
I never EVER write reviews for products but I feel so strongly about this change. For most of my life, I have been on the search for a shampoo that would not make my hair too greasy or too dry. The previous Total Care shampoo and conditioner was the treasure to my lifelong quest. I was so disappointed when I purchased the new scent and formula. It has no resemblance to the previous edition. As several of the other customers have requested, PLEASE bring back the old scent and formula. PLEASE.
I'm so glad I'm not the only one completely disappointed with the new formula!!!! I, too, have been using the old Total Care for years. It cleared up my scalp, left my hair shiny, and smelled fantastic. I was impressed because it cleared up my scalp without using the main ingredients in other dandruff shampoos. Now I guess I have to go on a hunt for the old formula and stock up or you just lost yet ANOTHER customer!!!! My only guess is the new formula is cheaper and you get to sell it for the same price. What ever happened to quality products..
I use to LOVE Clear... until it changed it's formula. Sadly, the scent is horrible is nothing like the original. I don't know why Clear is not taking the feedback from its consumers - over 50 comments from people who have taken the time to write to you about a product they once loved. I know the average rating was above 4.8 stars... now it is at 2.9. Clear- PLEASE LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS! We hate this product and want the original back. Until then... Guess I will use something else. :(
I absolutely loved your original formula Stronger Lengths shampoo and conditioner. My whole family used it, and we all loved the smell and feel of our hair. My hair smelled great ALL DAY! Since you stopped selling it, I tried to switch to 24/7 Total Care, and I'm so disappointed. The smell is not as good or as long-lasting, and it doesn't seem to work as well. Please bring back your original formulas - I miss my Stronger Lengths!!!!
OLD FORMULA SHAMPOO WAS MY FAVORITE. THIS ONE DOES NOT DO THE OLD ONE JUSTICE. NOT ONLY DID THE OLD ONE SMELL GREAT, BUT IT WAS JUST AMAZING LEFT MY HAIR LOOKING FLAWLESS. THIS NEW FORMULA DOESN'T DO THE JOB QUITE AS WELL.
You lost me until you bring back the old scent. The new one I absolutely can't stomach. Is there any left over old scent, if yes then I will buy it all, all of it. Please email me.
I'm very disappointed with this brand. These products used to be my holy grail! I used to recommend them to everybody. They did what they were supposed to do plus the scent was great! Now the new formula is honestly terrible. I have to wash my hair every single day because my hair is back to being extremely greasy and to top it off my hair doesn't smell like anything after I shower. So disappointed! I don't know about other people but I personally like when my hair smells clean and feels clean, unfortunately the last bottle I bought will be the last I buy from this brand unless the old formula and scent come back.
I swore by this shampoo and conditioner - it made my hair smooth - I could run a comb through it after washing without any struggle it was silky and wonderful - I would get compliments daily on how great my hair smelled. New formula is AWFUL! I have been on the hunt for something new because I can't continue to use this new formula - makes my hair greasy and heavy. Please let me know if you bring back the old stuff and i'll return!
I used to have horrible dandruff. I purchased this product on a whim, and it did wonders for my scalp and hair! So awesome, I told everyone I knew. Now, I'm in the market for a new shampoo. My hair looks disturbingly greasy, hours after I shower, and my dandruff is back. I'm so disappointed, but still thankful for the few years that the old formula did the trick.
The new formula is horrible, and doesn't smell the same. Please consider the sales you have lost from teenagers alone.
Please bring back the old formula! It was perfect for my hair. The new formula leaves my hair weighted down and greasy. I have given it a try for months now - and I really wish you'd bring the old formula back.
I used to be obsessed the the original formula. I had never found a shampoo before that made my hair look and smell so great. When I tried the original formula shampoo I was immediately hooked. I got compliments on my hair almost daily. I recommended this product to everone. The scent was absolutely amazing. So with such a wonderful product why change it The new formula leaves my hair greasy and the scent is NOTHING like the original. Im sad to say I'm on the hunt for another shampoo because I wont be buying clear anymore. PLEASE BRING THE OLD FORMULA BACK!
I have been using the old formula and it worked great and smelled even better. Now this new stuff doesn't leave my hair looking or feeling as great and it doesn't smell like anything. I would love to have the old formula back. I have gone to other sites looking for the old stuff and I have managed to get the old conditioner but I get the new shampoo and I am very disappointed.
Please bring back the old formula! This one weighs my hair down and the scent is no where near as good as the original. Unfortunately I will not be purchasing again.
I loved the old shampoo formula. Ever since they changed it to this new formula it has made my hair oily and I don't like the smell. I wish they would change it back. I don't even see it being sold anywhere around me, probably because it is horrible. I have been on the search for a better shampoo and conditioner and have yet to find one. :(
I wanted to try the new formula before I took the word of the other reviews. The other reviews are CORRECT! The new formula is nothing like the old---my hair felt dry after I rinsed out the shampoo--I have a little of the original formula left so I washed my hair right away to see if there was a difference--AND THERE IS! Before I started using the original formula my hair was thin, stringy, dry and falling out. I have been using the original formula for a few years now and my hair is thicker, shiny, healthy and full! Please bring back the original formula!!!!!!!!!!! I don't want my hair to get thin, dry and stringy again!
I have been using Clear products for over 3 years. All my friends and family know that I swear by this shampoo/conditioner, and they have all gotten several recommendations from me to use these products. But after using the new formula and the new scent , I am going to sadly discontinue purchasing your products. I absolutely hate the new scent. It does not smell clean or fresh and the scent doesn't last. For the first time in over 3 years, my hair smells like hair! It also doesn't do anything for my hair, as far as helping with frizz or shine. I am so disappointed. Why would you change a good thing I mean, you guys were given a Allure Best of Beauty Award Winner, for pete's sake!
I had been using the Clear Strong Lengths formula for about 4 years and it was the only shampoo and conditioner I have ever stuck to...It somehow worked a miracle for my hair! Then all of a sudden I couldn't find it anywhere and I would go to different stores and finally I found it with a new label and thought oh they just changed the packaging.. After the first use I was very disappointed. The old formula smelled and worked so much better! I really hope you consider making the old formula available again.
The old formula/scent was my holy grail. The new formula has a very plastic toy-like scent, which really deters me from repurchasing this product after being loyal to this brand for my shampoo and conditioner for a long time. Unfortunately, I'll have to start looking elsewhere now.
This formula made my hair flat the next day it felt like it needed a good washing. I love the old formula scent. The coconut oil in the new is overpowering. Please bring back the old formula.
I am also disappointed this formula changed. I used this from the beginning. Now it makes my hair just gross. Found a little bit of the old formula and noticible difference. Please other reviewers what have you found as a replacement
I hate this new 24/7 total care it made my hair so greasy for days! Please bring back the old formula because it was excellent! It's not only good for my hair and scalp, it also CLEARED my face of ACNE! I have tried many shampoos, different brands and different Clear varieties but ONLY the Original Clear Total Care that didn't give me breakouts and big acne on my face. So please bring back original Total Care!
After reading the other reviews, I can now see that Clear has changed its formula, and I now know this is the reason for my scalp trouble. The original formula and scent were AMAZING! I have very dry and damaged hair from repeated coloring and bleaching sessions. But you could never tell because of how beautifully the old formula worked! For years, I had soft, smooth hair, the scent was pleasant, and this shampoo blew away all the others, even the expensive salon brands I've used in the past. The shampoo alone worked well enough to keep my hair at its best, even without conditioner! After using the new formula, I've got excessively oily hair, and painful sebum plugs deep in my scalp. This is horrible. I'm still trying out many different shampoos to see if I can soothe my scalp and control the oiliness. Clear, you had a great thing going... Why mess with a perfect product
This used to be my very favorite shampoo and conditioner, but about 18 months ago they change the formula. Once I tried the new formula I immediately hated it and went out and bought all of the bottles of the old formula I could find. Needless to say, my stash has now run out and I am devastated. Please bring back the old formula!
I have used this brand for over 5 years and am disappointed with the recent change in scent. It used to smell so good! What happened Bring back the old 24/7 scent.
New formula does not control oil balance of scalp and hair. Old formula was only shampoo I found to manage the moisture balance of my hair.
This used to be the best why would you change it. The smell isnt as good and My hair not as lively. Bring back the original smell
I hate leaving bad reviews but this product is aweful. I was so excited when I discovered this shampoo/conditioner several years ago. It left my scalp feeling good, my hair soft and shiny. I didn't even have to straighten my hair any more. People would stop me to tell me how beautiful my hair was. I found it harder and harder to find and my local stores and when I did find it I noticed right off it wasn't the same. I have flakes all in my hair and red bumps all in my scalp. I don't understand why a company would change a formula that worked so well. Guess I will spend more time trying to find the perfect shampoo, unless this company decides to bring back the OLD formula!!! Please!!!
If any of you are experiencing the same disappointment as me, PLEASE take just one minute of you time to call clear care consumer services at 1800-372-6389 and let them know how they messed up . I have been using clear total care shampoo and conditioner for years and loved it, and now since they changed the ingredients it has totally changed the condition of my hair. It's now dry at the ends, doesn't nourish my scalp and leaves my hair weighed down looking oily!! Please. Ring back the original formula!! I have tried all the new clear lines and none even come close to how your guys product use to work. If anyone else is experiencing the same issue please call in to report it. Hopefully we can have the Original line brought back.. ughhhh now I need to find a new shampoo and conditioner until then .
My holy grail shampoo and conditioner was Clear with the original scent and formula. It smelled AMAZING and lasted very long on my hair. I always received compliments about how my hair smelled so great. It left my hair very soft and shiny as well. So it used to be my dream shampoo and haven't used anything else. However, when I saw in stores that they changed the formula and scent, I was upset but still wanted to give it a try. I'm very disappointed and saddened that my favorite shampoo is gone and that this new formula is a complete disappointment. Why was there a need to changed the formula when it was perfect Now my hair doesnt smell as good (has a coconut like scent, which I am not a fan of) and it leaves my hair looking dull. Please bring back the old formula!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now I'm on the search for a new shampoo and conditioner. So sad.
For years I used Clear, it was amazing. I have curly hair and issues with dry scalp, dandruff, and dry frizzy ends. With Clear Total Care (the original) I went an entire year without trims before I saw a split end. My hair was beautiful and manageable. I loved the way it smelled, too! It was amazing. Now, I'm sad to say, your new products are garbage. It left my hair weighed down, my dandruff is back and I my ends are starting to look frizzy. I loath the smell of coconut. It's everywhere now, every one of your new formulas smells like it. I've tried every one, one time and I will no more. You've lost a very loyal customer.
I must have found his gem right before they changed the formula like everyone in the 1-star section has mentioned. When I first discovered Clear, I felt like I had finally found my dream shampoo. There was no weight after I washed my hair. It was extremely healthy feeling and looking, and it smelled AMAZING. That is a thing of the past. Around March of this year, y'all must've launched your new formula, because my hair has been awful ever since. It feels greasy even after I style it, an hour or two after it has been washed. I had to buy clarifying shampoo to use to remove the buildup that your product has left on my hair. I would love to be a customer, but this new formula is bad, and I'm not the only one saying it. Please listen to your customers and bring back the old formula so we can all go back to having wonderful looking, and smelling, hair!
This used to be my go-to shampoo, and it helped tremendously with psoriasis. But I just used the new formula and want to know.. why in the world are my hands shimmery Are you telling me there is actually a glitter like substance in a shampoo marketed towards ADULTS NOT HAPPY.
I've been a loyal Clear Total care user (both shampoo and conditioner) for more than 5 years. I loved it! It never disappointed me. The scent was amazing and left my hair squeaky clean without stripping the moisture. I have dry scalp, dandruff was an issue for me and this duo helped sooooo much! As a result my hair was always silky smooth. BUT now with the new formula. I am so disappointed with the performance. It's just isn't good. Leaves hair smelling greasy, and hair is not as clean. I would have to basically wash my hair everyday with this new formula.
I was so happy with the old formula, and so very disappointed with the new one. Is there a plan to bring back the old one Otherwise no reason to buy it.
I bought this shampoo to try out. I had heard that it was supposed to do wonders for your hair. The first time I used it, it worked okay. The second time I used this shampoo, my hair felt waxy, dry, and porous when I rinsed it out of my hair. I then read the full list of ingredients and saw that it had tallow acid in it, which is made from animal fat. No wonder my hair felt waxy. If you like rubbing animal fat through your hair, this product is for you. Needless to say I'll never be using it again.
My daughter and I have been using the Clear Shampoo and the Clear Conditioners for about 2 years now. Smells great and makes our hair feel soft. However, every few weeks we have had to switch to an alternate shampoo and conditioner for a few days as the Clear would make our scalps itchy. We both were seeing a lot of hair in the drain catcher with every shampooing with the Clear products but just chalked it up to the fact that we both have longer, wavy hair. About a week and a half ago we decided to try something different that a sales clerk suggested. We have been using Paul Mitchell Lavender and Mint shampoo and conditioner and have found we are only losing very few strands of hair with each washing. This leads me to the conclusion that the large amounts of hair in the drain while using the Clear was NOT a normal amount of hair loss! It was caused by the Clear. I will NOT be buying their products again nor do I recommend their products to others.
I used the original total care shampoo for a few years and I loved it. I got compliments on the look, feel, and scent of my hair daily, by far the best shampoo I and my family have ever used. Sadly that formula is replaced by a new and terrible formula. My hair now is greasy, not shiny, not soft, full of dandruff, heavy, and my hair now does not have that incredible smell that it used to have. I love my hair, but now I do not know what to do to help it because the old shampoo was perfect and now my hair is left to die with this new one. I have not seen anyone who likes this new shampoo. So please bring back the old formula, the non-24/7 total care. I used to recommend your shampoo all the time and I do not understand why you got rid of a beautiful gift to the world. I want to stay loyal to Clear, but you are making it very hard to do so by taking away all of your good products. And I do not know how much longer my hair and scalp can take this new formula because my hair now feels like it's dying.
I do not like the new formula. It doesn't smell as good as before.
When Clear shampoo hit the market I tried it not really expecting it to solve my problems. I had tried a lot of shampoo brands, and my scalp had terrible reactions to lots of them. To my sheer joy, Clear worked!! My scalp healed, my hair looked great, and I never tried another shampoo or conditioner. Since the new formula my scalp has started having a reaction. I didn't think it was an even a new formula, only a redesigned label, when I bought the new formula. My scalp had a very mild reaction, which I could deal with if my hair didn't look greasy and weighed down after 12 hours of using the shampoo. I noticed a change immediately when I dried my hair after my first wash. It's like this formula is for dry hair. I've stuck with it to see if my hair would adjust and maybe it was all in my head, but the breakouts and greasy hair persist after at least 2 weeks of use. I am so disappointed. I have a travel size of the old formula that I am debating when to use, but don't want to use up at the same time (totally irrational I know)
If any of you are experiencing the same disappointment as me, PLEASE take one minute of your time to call clear care consumer services at 1800-372-6389 and let them know how they messed up . I have been using clear total care shampoo and conditioner for years and loved it, and now since they changed the ingredients it has totally changed the condition of my hair. It's now dry at the ends, doesn't nourish my scalp and leaves my hair weighed down looking oily!! Please BRING back the original formula!! I have tried all the new clear lines and none even come close to how your guys product use to work. If anyone else is experiencing the same issue please call in to report it. Hopefully we can have the Original line brought back.. ughhhh now I need to find a new shampoo and conditioner until then .
Clear was my go to shampoo. I have used it ever since it came out. The original formula smelled so incredible. It made my hair soft, smooth, and shiny. I recommended it to everyone. I also used to get several comments on how nice my hair smelled. Then the formula changed. I was in the shower and opened my new bottle of clear and it was no longer the sweet aroma I had loved. It was new it was different, and I did not like it. As soon as I got out of the shower my husband and I went to several stores and bought all the old formula version of clear we could find. But sadly that quickly ran out. The new formula irritated my scalp and made it very sensitive. I now switch between Pantene and Dove shampoo. I would not recommend the new formula of clear shampoo to my worst enemy with how bad it irritated my scalp. I wish they would switch back to the original formula
I had been using Clear Total Care for years and loved it. The old scent was amazing, my scalp was no longer itchy or flaky, and it was doing more for my hair and scalp than higher end shampoos. The old formula was perfect for myself and as I can tell, many other as well. I tried to give the new, updated shampoo with coconut milk in it, but it made my hair greasy and my scalp so irritated that I needed to stop using the shampoo after just 2 uses. I, and many others are very disappointed. I will not use this, or any other shampoos from Clear until the old formula of Clear Total Care is back.
I've always had such a hard time finding a great shampoo I have very thick hair super tangly. When my aunt recommended this product I bought it immediately and fell in love with it! I would always get compliments about how shiny and smooth my hair was and how great my hair smelled. Now with their new formula I don't get any compliments and I hate the way my hair feels ... it feels as though I'm using a cheap cheap shampoo. PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA )
My first problem is I can not find your product anywhere, my second problem is the stuff I can find is this new 24/7 garbage, and I'm sorry for my language but I do mean it. The fragrance is atrocious and nauseating I have very sensitive allergies and can not tolerate the new formula. Your original formula was the only thing that helped my hair. You see I also have Hashimotos, a thyroid condition where hair loss is one of the many side affects of the disease. Since I have stopped using your ORIGINAL formula I have noticed a significant difference in the amount of hair that falls out and it's starting to worry me. I know many woman that have bald spots from this disease, and don't want to end up wearing wigs. I am sitting here crying, I beg you PLEASE bring back the original Clear Scalp and Hair Conditioner, Strong Lengths Shampoo, Strong lengths formula, please, please, please...
I LOVED the old Clear Shampoo, the scent was amazing and the quality of the shampooconditioner was far better than it is now. Please bring back the old formula!!!!
I have used this shampoo for year and it was amazing! Since they came out with the new formula I will never buy it again. My hair looks so greasy and flat right after blowing it dry. The new formula also smells bad. Sad day!
This upgrade you've made to the formula is awful. I still have nearly a full bottle that I will not use. The new formula's scent is not nice at all and it does not leave my hair shiny at all! Please bring back the old formula!
The previous formula made my hair feel so healthy and luscious. It also smelled SUPER good. I've used it for 4 years and I used to get tons of compliments on the scent even after exercising. I'm very unhappy with how it's being made now.
I used the Clear Scalp shampoo and conditioner for a couple months. I noticed that I was developing sores on my scalp a couple months ago but it went away. Then recently it came back. I stopped using it and my scalp started clearing up. The shampoo made my hair feel great, but left my scalp in bad condition.
Only 4 reviews Please google this product and read the other reviews regarding this horrible product! I used this for one whole week, and I started noticing how bad of a an oil buildup my scalp started receiving!!! It's been 3 weeks, now and I STILL CANNOT get rid of this oily wax build up on my hair. Everywhere I go, it looks like I haven't washed my hair for days! It's really embarrassing! I will have to take my hair to a professional and see what they can do to get rid of this gunk! Please BEWARE of this horrible product!
Clear was my go to shampoo. I have used it ever since it came out. The original formula smelled so incredible. It made my hair soft, smooth, and shiny. I recommended it to everyone. I also used to get several comments on how nice my hair smelled. Then the formula changed. I was in the shower and opened my new bottle of clear and it was no longer the sweet aroma I had loved. It was new it was different, and I did not like it. As soon as I got out of the shower my husband and I went to several stores and bought all the old formula version of clear we could find. But sadly that quickly ran out. The new formula irritated my scalp and made it very sensitive. I now switch between Pantene and Dove shampoo. I would not recommend the new formula of clear shampoo to my worst enemy with how bad it irritated my scalp. I wish they would switch back to the original formula
I hate leaving bad reviews but this product is aweful. I was so excited when I discovered this shampoo/conditioner several years ago. It left my scalp feeling good, my hair soft and shiny. I didn't even have to straighten my hair any more. People would stop me to tell me how beautiful my hair was. I found it harder and harder to find and my local stores and when I did find it I noticed right off it wasn't the same. I have flakes all in my hair and red bumps all in my scalp. I don't understand why a company would change a formula that worked so well. Guess I will spend more time trying to find the perfect shampoo, unless this company decides to bring back the OLD formula!!! Please!!!
Please bring back the old formula! It was perfect for my hair. The new formula leaves my hair weighted down and greasy. I have given it a try for months now - and I really wish you'd bring the old formula back.
For years I used Clear, it was amazing. I have curly hair and issues with dry scalp, dandruff, and dry frizzy ends. With Clear Total Care (the original) I went an entire year without trims before I saw a split end. My hair was beautiful and manageable. I loved the way it smelled, too! It was amazing. Now, I'm sad to say, your new products are garbage. It left my hair weighed down, my dandruff is back and I my ends are starting to look frizzy. I loath the smell of coconut. It's everywhere now, every one of your new formulas smells like it. I've tried every one, one time and I will no more. You've lost a very loyal customer.
Please bring back the old formula! This one weighs my hair down and the scent is no where near as good as the original. Unfortunately I will not be purchasing again.
I've been a loyal Clear Total care user (both shampoo and conditioner) for more than 5 years. I loved it! It never disappointed me. The scent was amazing and left my hair squeaky clean without stripping the moisture. I have dry scalp, dandruff was an issue for me and this duo helped sooooo much! As a result my hair was always silky smooth. BUT now with the new formula. I am so disappointed with the performance. It's just isn't good. Leaves hair smelling greasy, and hair is not as clean. I would have to basically wash my hair everyday with this new formula.
I have been using the old formula and it worked great and smelled even better. Now this new stuff doesn't leave my hair looking or feeling as great and it doesn't smell like anything. I would love to have the old formula back. I have gone to other sites looking for the old stuff and I have managed to get the old conditioner but I get the new shampoo and I am very disappointed.
I loved the old shampoo formula. Ever since they changed it to this new formula it has made my hair oily and I don't like the smell. I wish they would change it back. I don't even see it being sold anywhere around me, probably because it is horrible. I have been on the search for a better shampoo and conditioner and have yet to find one. :(
The old formula/scent was my holy grail. The new formula has a very plastic toy-like scent, which really deters me from repurchasing this product after being loyal to this brand for my shampoo and conditioner for a long time. Unfortunately, I'll have to start looking elsewhere now.
This formula made my hair flat the next day it felt like it needed a good washing. I love the old formula scent. The coconut oil in the new is overpowering. Please bring back the old formula.
I used to be obsessed the the original formula. I had never found a shampoo before that made my hair look and smell so great. When I tried the original formula shampoo I was immediately hooked. I got compliments on my hair almost daily. I recommended this product to everone. The scent was absolutely amazing. So with such a wonderful product why change it The new formula leaves my hair greasy and the scent is NOTHING like the original. Im sad to say I'm on the hunt for another shampoo because I wont be buying clear anymore. PLEASE BRING THE OLD FORMULA BACK!
My first problem is I can not find your product anywhere, my second problem is the stuff I can find is this new 24/7 garbage, and I'm sorry for my language but I do mean it. The fragrance is atrocious and nauseating I have very sensitive allergies and can not tolerate the new formula. Your original formula was the only thing that helped my hair. You see I also have Hashimotos, a thyroid condition where hair loss is one of the many side affects of the disease. Since I have stopped using your ORIGINAL formula I have noticed a significant difference in the amount of hair that falls out and it's starting to worry me. I know many woman that have bald spots from this disease, and don't want to end up wearing wigs. I am sitting here crying, I beg you PLEASE bring back the original Clear Scalp and Hair Conditioner, Strong Lengths Shampoo, Strong lengths formula, please, please, please...
I LOVED the old Clear Shampoo, the scent was amazing and the quality of the shampooconditioner was far better than it is now. Please bring back the old formula!!!!
I loved this shampoo/conditioner when it first came out. It made my hair soft and silky and I could go 2 days without washing (I have super oily hair). Now my hair is greasy and tends to flake. BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA! This one even smells different!
I don't like any of the new formulas they are not as good as they used to be. I miss everything about the old formulas. Specially strong lengths. So sad everything was change. I hope they bring them back soon!!
I had been using the Clear Strong Lengths formula for about 4 years and it was the only shampoo and conditioner I have ever stuck to...It somehow worked a miracle for my hair! Then all of a sudden I couldn't find it anywhere and I would go to different stores and finally I found it with a new label and thought oh they just changed the packaging.. After the first use I was very disappointed. The old formula smelled and worked so much better! I really hope you consider making the old formula available again.
After reading the other reviews, I can now see that Clear has changed its formula, and I now know this is the reason for my scalp trouble. The original formula and scent were AMAZING! I have very dry and damaged hair from repeated coloring and bleaching sessions. But you could never tell because of how beautifully the old formula worked! For years, I had soft, smooth hair, the scent was pleasant, and this shampoo blew away all the others, even the expensive salon brands I've used in the past. The shampoo alone worked well enough to keep my hair at its best, even without conditioner! After using the new formula, I've got excessively oily hair, and painful sebum plugs deep in my scalp. This is horrible. I'm still trying out many different shampoos to see if I can soothe my scalp and control the oiliness. Clear, you had a great thing going... Why mess with a perfect product
If any of you are experiencing the same disappointment as me, PLEASE take just one minute of you time to call clear care consumer services at 1800-372-6389 and let them know how they messed up . I have been using clear total care shampoo and conditioner for years and loved it, and now since they changed the ingredients it has totally changed the condition of my hair. It's now dry at the ends, doesn't nourish my scalp and leaves my hair weighed down looking oily!! Please. Ring back the original formula!! I have tried all the new clear lines and none even come close to how your guys product use to work. If anyone else is experiencing the same issue please call in to report it. Hopefully we can have the Original line brought back.. ughhhh now I need to find a new shampoo and conditioner until then .
I used the original total care shampoo for a few years and I loved it. I got compliments on the look, feel, and scent of my hair daily, by far the best shampoo I and my family have ever used. Sadly that formula is replaced by a new and terrible formula. My hair now is greasy, not shiny, not soft, full of dandruff, heavy, and my hair now does not have that incredible smell that it used to have. I love my hair, but now I do not know what to do to help it because the old shampoo was perfect and now my hair is left to die with this new one. I have not seen anyone who likes this new shampoo. So please bring back the old formula, the non-24/7 total care. I used to recommend your shampoo all the time and I do not understand why you got rid of a beautiful gift to the world. I want to stay loyal to Clear, but you are making it very hard to do so by taking away all of your good products. And I do not know how much longer my hair and scalp can take this new formula because my hair now feels like it's dying.
Used to religiously buy and used this product with the old forma. The way it made my hair feel and look was amazing. The scents were sooo pleasant. The new formula makes my hair gross, greasy and not fresh looking. And the new scents are absolutely awful. Please bring back the old formula and scents. Until then I have completely switched brands.
You lost me until you bring back the old scent. The new one I absolutely can't stomach. Is there any left over old scent, if yes then I will buy it all, all of it. Please email me.
I loved the old formula and scent, I would stock up on it for months! Now the new formula has a scent I don't like and it doesn't make my hair as silky soft and smooth as it used to! Please switch back to the older formula and scent!!!
I wanted to try the new formula before I took the word of the other reviews. The other reviews are CORRECT! The new formula is nothing like the old---my hair felt dry after I rinsed out the shampoo--I have a little of the original formula left so I washed my hair right away to see if there was a difference--AND THERE IS! Before I started using the original formula my hair was thin, stringy, dry and falling out. I have been using the original formula for a few years now and my hair is thicker, shiny, healthy and full! Please bring back the original formula!!!!!!!!!!! I don't want my hair to get thin, dry and stringy again!
OLD FORMULA SHAMPOO WAS MY FAVORITE. THIS ONE DOES NOT DO THE OLD ONE JUSTICE. NOT ONLY DID THE OLD ONE SMELL GREAT, BUT IT WAS JUST AMAZING LEFT MY HAIR LOOKING FLAWLESS. THIS NEW FORMULA DOESN'T DO THE JOB QUITE AS WELL.
I used to have horrible dandruff. I purchased this product on a whim, and it did wonders for my scalp and hair! So awesome, I told everyone I knew. Now, I'm in the market for a new shampoo. My hair looks disturbingly greasy, hours after I shower, and my dandruff is back. I'm so disappointed, but still thankful for the few years that the old formula did the trick.
This shampoo and conditioner combo was my holy grail! Since they've changed the formula I have not been able to find anything that comes close. So sad...I have no idea why it changed, but please, please bring it back. Thank you!
What happened I used to love Clear Shampoo because of how amazing it smelled and how light it made my hair. Now it smells so bad. Coconut doesn't even do anything. The formula is way too thick and made my hair feel really gross. PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA!
I absolutely loved your original formula Stronger Lengths shampoo and conditioner. My whole family used it, and we all loved the smell and feel of our hair. My hair smelled great ALL DAY! Since you stopped selling it, I tried to switch to 24/7 Total Care, and I'm so disappointed. The smell is not as good or as long-lasting, and it doesn't seem to work as well. Please bring back your original formulas - I miss my Stronger Lengths!!!!
I swore by this shampoo and conditioner - it made my hair smooth - I could run a comb through it after washing without any struggle it was silky and wonderful - I would get compliments daily on how great my hair smelled. New formula is AWFUL! I have been on the hunt for something new because I can't continue to use this new formula - makes my hair greasy and heavy. Please let me know if you bring back the old stuff and i'll return!
Please bring back the old formula. I really dislike the new formula. Plus it makes my hair greasy!! i am not a fan of the new scent ! A lot of my friends have stopped using this brand because of the formula change!!
I used to love clear. I have very oily hair and it used to help controlling it. When I went to my local big box and saw that they changed bottle and read that it was a new scent I thought I should buy a smaller bottle to see if I like the scent first. GOOD THING I DID! The smell is totally different, it doesn't control my oil anymore and it doesn't give me the body like it used to. I told everyone about clear when I first used it and liked it. Now, I am not so confident about recommending it. Please bring back the old formula and scent! I really don't like this new one.
I use to LOVE Clear... until it changed it's formula. Sadly, the scent is horrible is nothing like the original. I don't know why Clear is not taking the feedback from its consumers - over 50 comments from people who have taken the time to write to you about a product they once loved. I know the average rating was above 4.8 stars... now it is at 2.9. Clear- PLEASE LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS! We hate this product and want the original back. Until then... Guess I will use something else. :(
I never EVER write reviews for products but I feel so strongly about this change. For most of my life, I have been on the search for a shampoo that would not make my hair too greasy or too dry. The previous Total Care shampoo and conditioner was the treasure to my lifelong quest. I was so disappointed when I purchased the new scent and formula. It has no resemblance to the previous edition. As several of the other customers have requested, PLEASE bring back the old scent and formula. PLEASE.
I have been using Clear products for over 3 years. All my friends and family know that I swear by this shampoo/conditioner, and they have all gotten several recommendations from me to use these products. But after using the new formula and the new scent , I am going to sadly discontinue purchasing your products. I absolutely hate the new scent. It does not smell clean or fresh and the scent doesn't last. For the first time in over 3 years, my hair smells like hair! It also doesn't do anything for my hair, as far as helping with frizz or shine. I am so disappointed. Why would you change a good thing I mean, you guys were given a Allure Best of Beauty Award Winner, for pete's sake!
One of the main reasons I have loved Clear shampoo is the wonderful scent it had. The new scent is terrible and I don't feel like I get the same results as I used to. Please bring back the old formula!
Do not care for new formula of shampoo and conditioner for 24/7 Total Care. Would really like the old formula back!
My holy grail shampoo and conditioner was Clear with the original scent and formula. It smelled AMAZING and lasted very long on my hair. I always received compliments about how my hair smelled so great. It left my hair very soft and shiny as well. So it used to be my dream shampoo and haven't used anything else. However, when I saw in stores that they changed the formula and scent, I was upset but still wanted to give it a try. I'm very disappointed and saddened that my favorite shampoo is gone and that this new formula is a complete disappointment. Why was there a need to changed the formula when it was perfect Now my hair doesnt smell as good (has a coconut like scent, which I am not a fan of) and it leaves my hair looking dull. Please bring back the old formula!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now I'm on the search for a new shampoo and conditioner. So sad.
I used to use ONLY this shampoo and conditioner, but since they changed it, I've switched. Not only is the smell COMPLETELY different. It also leaves my hair EXTREMELY greasy. The cocunt smell is TERRIBLE. Please bring the old Clear back! I've been waiting months now. Fire whoever came up with the idea to change the smell! I won't use Clear again until I see they changed it. It's like a science experiment gone wrong.
I would like to share how unbelievably disappointed I am with the new formula. There was nothing wrong with the original formula, in fact, it was perfect. I recently went to the store for a refill and saw only the new formula on the shelf, so I decided to give it a try. It's terrible. It makes hair greasy and does not smell good anymore. What a complete shock and disappointment! Will be looking for a new shampoo product unfortunately.
I used to love Clear total care shampoo and conditioner. I always got complimented on how nice my hair smelled and looked. People always asked me what I used In my hair. I recently bought the new formula/ scent and since using it I've noticed my hair isn't as soft as it used to be. The scent is terrible. The new formula makes my hair greasy. I want the old formula and scent back!!!! I'm now going to have to search for a new shampoo and conditioner. : ( I'm so disappointed
This shampoo brought my dandruff back :(. I loved how the old total care shampoo smelled. Will try another brand now.
I used to absolutely love this shampoo conditioner! My favorite part was the smell! It was phenomenal! I would get compliments on my hair everyday saying my hair smelt delicious! When I purchased this new formula I was so Dissappointed. The scent was completely different, and as a woman with oily hair, this product weighed my hair down. I will not be repurchasing this product again. Now on the search for a new, great-smelling shampoo.
I must have found his gem right before they changed the formula like everyone in the 1-star section has mentioned. When I first discovered Clear, I felt like I had finally found my dream shampoo. There was no weight after I washed my hair. It was extremely healthy feeling and looking, and it smelled AMAZING. That is a thing of the past. Around March of this year, y'all must've launched your new formula, because my hair has been awful ever since. It feels greasy even after I style it, an hour or two after it has been washed. I had to buy clarifying shampoo to use to remove the buildup that your product has left on my hair. I would love to be a customer, but this new formula is bad, and I'm not the only one saying it. Please listen to your customers and bring back the old formula so we can all go back to having wonderful looking, and smelling, hair!
The new formula is not working. I bought one bottle and will not buy another. The new and improved has done nothing for my hair. It has caused dry scalp and skin irritation. Please bring back the original formula.
I really miss your old scent been buying it for ever because of it I always got compliments. Got people to change to this shampoo and conditioner. Always had that scent all day long really miss the scent
Not a fan of the new formula, and particularly despise the new scent. This was the only shampoo conditioner I purchased for the past 4 years, and would have continued to do so if they hadn't changed it. I never write reviews but felt compelled to in hopes they would bring back the original. Until that happens, I'm forced to shop for a different brand because formula aside, I honestly can't stand the scent of the new shampoo conditioner.
I've been a clear lover for a while now, it was the only shampoo I bought because it didn't give me dandruff and the biggest reason I bought was because it smelt AMAZING! Everything was perfect (p.s I used only strong lengths shampoo and conditioner) until no store sells them anymore and they only sell the newer 24/7 bottles and I just can't stand the new smell..They've lost me as a customer because of this. :/
the new version is terrible and ruined my hair. the old one was my saviour.
I used the 24/7 for three days and my entire scalp and neck started breaking out in big painful zits. I am not typically a person that gets acne. For me one zit on my face is a breakout.
As a long time user of this shampoo I was extremely disappointed to find the new formula is unusable for me. The old formula had a fantastic scent that was light and clean. Certain flowery scents give me migraines, so scent is a big factor for me in hair products. The new version is heavily scented and intolerable for me. The old formula left my hair clean, shiny, and manageable. Two days of the new formula left my hair heavy and greasy. Please bring back the old formula, otherwise you've lost a customer. :-(
I've been using this shampoo and conditioner religiously since it came out. 1 reason because of the unique scent. Everyone always comment how good my hair smelled. It became MY scent and now it's gone and I'm incredibly sad. Looking at different brands now :(
I do not like the new formula...I loved the old Clear Total care formula and scent. Please go back to this or at least have it as an option for purchase!
Use to love this line. However, since the new formula since September, my head has itched non stop.
This use to be my favorite shampoo and conditioner, It made my hair look and feel like I just walked out of the salon. I would get compliments on how great my hair smelled several times a day. People would often ask me what I was wearing that smelled so good and I would always reply with a smile It's my hair. Then I purchased this new formula and scent and instantly noticed the difference. My hair was weighted down and looked greasy and there was no beautiful scent. I've switched shampoos since and can't seem to find one that makes my hair look as good or smell as good as this shampoo once did. PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD SCENT AND FORMULA. PLEASE!!!!
Used the old formula for several years, people would compliment the way my hair smelled and looked all the time! The new formula leaves my hair weighed down and is just not the same. I'm sad that I now have to try to find a new shampoo that I will be happy with again.
The new coconut scent is nowhere near as fabulous as the original scent. It is highly disappointing. Please bring back the old formula.
I'm very disappointed with this brand. These products used to be my holy grail! I used to recommend them to everybody. They did what they were supposed to do plus the scent was great! Now the new formula is honestly terrible. I have to wash my hair every single day because my hair is back to being extremely greasy and to top it off my hair doesn't smell like anything after I shower. So disappointed! I don't know about other people but I personally like when my hair smells clean and feels clean, unfortunately the last bottle I bought will be the last I buy from this brand unless the old formula and scent come back.
I really don't like the new coconut smell. Please bring back the wonderful scent back for us. Obviously I am not the only one like that smell. I just bought 3 bottles of shampoo and 2 conditioner and discovered the smell has been changed to a coconut one. It really disappointed me with the smell and I am gonna return it. Sad to say that I am not going to repurchase it unless the wonderful scent being brought back :(
I really don't like the new coconut smell. Please bring back the wonderful scent back for us. Obviously I am not the only one like that smell. I just bought 3 bottles of shampoo and 2 conditioner and discovered the smell has been changed to a coconut one. It really disappointed me with the smell and I am gonna return it. Sad to say that I am not going to repurchase it unless the wonderful scent being brought back :(
It pains me to write a bad review since I used to swear by this product. It used to be the only shampoo and conditioner that actually solved my dry scalp and dandruff and would leave my hair smelling amazing. I used this product for almost 3 years. Ever since the new formula launched, my dandruff came back. I start seeing flakes as soon as my hair dries and my scalp itches. Please bring back the old formula and have it available from reading other people's recent reviews it looks like I'm not the only person dissatisfied with the changes to the product. I'm so disappointed by the quality of this new formula. Until then, I will be looking for another shampoo and conditioner that actually works.
I hate writing a bad review a year ago I would have given this brand a 10 star! I loved the formula and smell ...it was amazing and my hair was always shiny and vibrant, and the smell was awesome..I thought I was crazy I had been using the new stuff for about 2 months and figured the ingredients hadn't changed much but I noticed my hair felt greasy after each wash I found one of the old bottles of the frizz control formula stashed away that I had forgotten about I used it and it's a world of difference needless to say if it isn't broken don't fix it. :/
I have used CLEAR Total care shampoo and conditioner every since it hit the shelves and was very pleased with the product. It left my hair frizz free, light and not weighed down smelly great. Since the new formula has been released, my hair is weighed down and the new fragrance is horrible.
I fell in love with Clear Total Care. It made my hair feel smooth and smell fantastic. Then the new formula was released. I got dandruff and my hair doesn't have the same clean, healthy feel. Very disappointed that I'll have to shop for a different shampoo. My head has itched for days from reacting to the new formula with dandruff and a bunch of bloody, red dots on my head. So sad that I have to leave such a good brand because of an unnecessary change. Disappointed.
I have used this shampoo since it was launched. Recently purchase the New formula batch and not happy with the change. It leaves my hair heavy, greasy and unmanageable. Sorry, but I will be searching for the old formula or a new brand all together. The old saying goes... If it's not broke, don't fix it.
Am very displeased with the new formula. The scent doesn't last in my hair like before. I wished you all would switch back to the old formula or make both so we can choose which one we want to buy
I used to love this product, but like the other reviews the new formula is horrible. Dont care for the new smell, and it leaves my hair feeling very heavy and like i didnt just wash it
Use to love this product and would get compliments on how good my hair would smell.. The new formula weights down my hair, makes it oily and makes you smell like you bathed in tanning lotion.. please bring back the old formula!
This new formula dried out my hair. After 2 years of using this product and promoting it, I will no longer use it or promote it unless it's changed back to the old ingredients.
Clear Scalp Hair Therapy: Intensive Nourishment Balm. This is a very bad cheap product. I used this therapy for the first time and this wax like thing got permanently stuck to my hairs. I tried this product yesterday for the first time and after that I washed my hairs more than 20 times within this 24 hours. but I did not get success to reduce wax like thing is from my hair. I am so upset because prior to applying this product my hair was too smooth and it very long. I love my hair and really do not want to cut my hairs just because of this cheap product. I do not understand what to do. my recommandation to all who love their hair please do not even think of trying this Scalp therapy. its bad very bad. ( (
I received a sample of this shampoo. And at first loved the smell and consistency of the product and the lather. But as some days went by. I noticed my head starting to get itchy. Was bad enough thaty scalp got dry and scabby in some spots. I'm usually not sensitive or have problems with any shampoo but for some reason this gave me a reaction. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is extremely hard to get out of the container, and has done NOTHING for my hair! I have trouble throwing things away...but am doing just that with the remainder of this conditioner.
All the bags of chips had burst open and were all over the box. I had to go buy more chips. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Purchased for one of my boys. They love them always have!
I did not like this items strong scent ... not for me. I will stick to the Kiss My Face Pure Olive Oil Fragrance Free Soap.
could have left this one on the shelf but it had a great box
This movie is much worse that expected. The 1997 Broderick movie is much better. The producers went back to the popular Japanese format that were great for teenagers, but just doesn't work for adults.
Just don't get the hype about Godzilla. Frankly movie was boring, build up was slow and just not interesting or even worth it. I was even more disappointed to hear Pacific Rim 2 was put on hold for Godzilla vs King Kong if its anything like this movie I'll pass. Oh and because a movie is like the original doesn't make it good, times have changed and an update to the story would work for the new generations.
A little disappointed its not like the Godzilla movies years back.
It was on sale, so I bought it. After I got it the case was broken in half witch sucks a lot. But at least the disk are ok I guess. Will not order online if this happens.
Not as advertised. It was suppose to a metalpak. It is an ordinary plastic case. I could have bought the same thing somewhere else cheaper
Not entertaining. Don't waste your money buying this movie.
I do NOT recommend wasting your money on this movie.
I bought this movie because I'm a big fan of Godzilla but he wasn't the focal point of this movie. I think there was very poor character development; how do you lose to fine actors with in the first half hour of this movie, ridiculous...
I missed this at the movies and to be honest I'm glad I did. I guess with such a classic to work from I expected far more then just 2 hours of total cgi.. Guess I was expecting to much to hope there was alittle story line. Think I sell it on Amazon as used and be on my way
It takes too long for Godzilla to appear. Very slow to get to the point. It's Godzilla who cares about the plot
I placed a pre-order online for in-store pickup for this movie and it was advertised to be a "metal pack". When I picked up the item in the store however, it was just the standard 3-D version and not the "metal pack".Both items in the system had the same SKU #.
My husband and I watched the movie, Had to wake me, i thought it was a snoozer. He did not like it at all.
This is the worst Godzilla movie I've ever seen. It's a poor remake of the old "Godzilla vs Mothra and just as bad. Way to many night scenes, poor direction and bad acting. Not even worth 1 star. I spent 18 years in the movie business and worked on many films and this is not worth watching.
you have good actors participating in a movie without drama.
Not a good story; the plot was poor. Wanted to see more of the monster.
I don't usually write bad reviews but This movie was a disappointment. Godzilla wasn't even in the movie much. I bought this in 3d Blu-Ray and I was sorry after. Definitely not worth the money or the hype.
great movie but what I revieved was totally wrong...I ordered a blu ray steelbook and got a DVD ???wow what a mess to fix as the store and on the telephone..but it got solved..
This was a huge waste of money. It was one of the worse movies we have ever seen
I like Godzilla movies and grew up with them. So I was excited to see this. The best part of the blu ray was the extra footage that best buy offers. Although I don't think it's exclusive?
I 've seem a few Godzilla movies, the previous one I though was pretty good, this last one is as bad as it can be, it was just a waste of money, I am glad that I did not go to the theatre
long drawn out and boring. took to long to even see any monsters.
Got it because it was 3DOther wise would have got the bootleg for $2
That was the wrist movie I've seen and I am a big Godzilla fan.
I bought on 3D assuming it was going to be good!..my fault I was wrong....watch on cable
This movie is horrible. Don't waste your money, buy the old version.
First rate actors (Bryan Cranston, Juliette Binoche, David Straitharn) in a gloomy, over-dramatized monster movie. The big guy gets surprisingly little screen time, and duplicating the 50's rubber suit Godzilla in CGI seems misguided.
This movie is boring. You are better of renting it than owing it. There is been many remakes of Godzilla and this offers nothing better
This is one of the worst movies made, I'm not happy with this purchase.
I usually love science fiction and this type of movie but found this one very boring. My husband and kids liked it though.
You do not care about the characters of this movie. I felt sorry for Cranston after seeing this since he is killed in the beginning and all the character had done is wasted. Ken Watanabe only says about 2 words everytime he speaks and his character is completely unnessisary. The worst of all you DO NOT see any fighting. Not between the monsters and army or Godzilla. It is a HUGE pile.
Not crazy about the movie. The old Godzilla was so much better. Wouldn't watch it again
This movies is dumb. You never even see Godzilla so idk why it is even on the movie cover.
I had low expectations before watching this movie. I recently saw the 1998 version with Matthew Broderick and although it was lackluster, I still prefer it to this snooze-fest. The story was incredibly slow and Godzilla didn't even show up until the last 30 minutes of the movie. Don't waste your time with this one!
I love the classic Godzilla movies. This one totally sucked. Was really disappointed as I picked this as a Xmas movie gift for myself.
Description says this is a MetalPak (steelbook). This is just a regular plastic blu-ray case. Movie is great but this gets the poor rating for a an incorrectly advertised product
Not happy with the movie overall. 3 people actually fell asleep.
Goodbye Ragu. It no longer belongs to Unilever, they sold to Mizkan a huge Japanese company. It's no longer the same product or recipe, it has a poor taste, nothing like the real tried and true product we've used for decades. When I asked the head of Ragu's social media (Andrew) from Ragu.com) I was given a runaround. My 1 star review was also missing from the site. I wonder how many other reviews are being hidden. It's sad. Everyone who actually knew the old product and tastes the new product has been giving poor reviews I will no longer purchase Ragu. Moving to another brand.
This is tiny compared to the large one I've gotten before. So this won't last long at all. It was also busted up with the paper all torn. This product even looks different then the usual sauce they sell at other stores. I also noticed the nutrition label is slightly different....weird
Like others have commented the quality of the transfer was not that great. Probably could have gotten just the same quality from a upscaled DVD. Also like one of the other posters said you have to turn on subtitles otherwise you don't know what is going on through half the movie. The DVD automatically subtitles the foreign language parts while this one doesn't. Basically I wish I hadn't spent $10 on it.
Lotion was watery and separated when it arrived. I've used this product before and it was excellent--its thick, concentrated consistency allowed a little to go a long way. But this time the consistency was completely off. I don't know if it was the temperature during storage or the delivery process, or why this was a bad batch but if I try it again, I'll be sure to purchase in-store rather than online.
The product I received will expire in three month!!!!
The first time I used in my infant, he rubbed his eyes and cried. Have never used it again for him. Do yourself a favor and buy something else for an infant or toddler that is tear free.
I am extremely disappointed in this product. Make sure you test on small patch of your child's skin before using. I have used several other Aveeno products with no problem so bought for my child. Liberally applied following directions to my child's face. This product giving him a severe allergic reaction with his cheeks and nose puffed up, skin became inflamed red and eyes nearly swollen shut. Think allergy is to the sunscreen protection ingredients. So sad and just awful for my baby.
Came with expiry date within 3 months, how in this holy world someone can expect a baby to finish this lotion in given duration. Disappointed!!
My baby eyes went all watery with this cream. I don't believe it's baby product. I wish I had read the reviews before hand.
My husband used it for the first time during his day off in a business trip and got an awful sunburn with puffy face and eyes. And this was not even in a particularly sunny place: it was in Munich in early Spring. I would definitely not recommend it to anyone with sensitive skin
I applied this twice to my son while we were only outside for 40 minutes and he got burnt anyways. You could see it melting off of him. It's thick and sticky. It feels really greasy. It doesn't spread well. Really mad I wasted my money on this.
I literally have no idea why a product for babies and children would not be tearless. I have sworn by Aveeno products for years for both of my children's eczema. But within 20 minutes of application, and for hours after, both my 3 year old and 3 month old were screaming over this spf getting in there eyes. Frankly, I'm furious. I expected better from this brand. Trashing this ASAP.
My kids both have sensitive skin and they have always been able to use this brand. In the last 6 months they have had multiple reactions to this sunscreen, from stinging to rashes, to causing a horrible eczema outbreak that needed steroids to treat. I'm not sure what changed with this formula, but we sadly need to find another brand for our family.
When someone slaps the word BABY on a product, you assume it's baby friendly! I just went through the fiasco of a SCREAMING baby because it is not eye gentle! Every mom knows how hard it is to wash something out of a baby's eyes! Washing made it even worse because when you wash it, it starts acting like soap and gets worse! How is a baby supposed to go swimming and/or sweat without this stuff washing into their eyes ADVERTISING MILD AS WATER IS SUCH A LIE! Last time I checked, water didn't burn my eyes unless it was chlorine or salt water! Either case, false advertising! Granted, there is a tiny section on the back that said to keep out of eyes. I don't know about you, when you have a squirming child... You hardly take the time to read the back carefully unless you so happen to be next to the darn bottle while using the bathroom. However, in this case, I didn't go squirting sunscreen in my child's eyes or run it near the eyes. I simply applied the lotion on his face (as recommended by doctors) and any EXPOSED BODY PARTS which in turn, includes his HANDS. Which makes sense unless a parent plans on sending a child out with gloves at all seasons of the year! I admit to poor judgement on my part on not thinking it through clearly. However, as I mentioned earlier on, when one slaps the words baby and mild as water, one assumes it is gentle for ALL PARTS OF THE BABY including the EYES! I HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND! However, I can make sound judgement that as far as skin use, it is gentle... But after dealing with a screaming baby and struggling to wash it out for 10 minutes, then having the baby fall asleep after the fiasco because of exhaustion, followed by having to wait an additional hour before continuing my plans, I would say this product is an inconvenience to have. It wasn't even his nap time! My suggestion is to do more research and find a better product that is truly baby safe, in all spectrums worthy of using the label BABY. Truly, One PO'ed and Distressed Mother
I use a lot of Aveeno products so did not think in the slightest I'd have to worry about their baby sunscreen being unsafe. We starting using this on our baby and noticed every time we were outside she got very watery eyes and we couldn't figure why. After a couple applications, we realized the eye watering only occured when we applied the sunscreen. Turns out it was stinging her skin so she was rubbing her face and then her eyes making them water! The eyes stopped watering when we changed brands. Do not recommend!
When first used product we didn't have any issues, after second use my son had a few eczema spots return but didn't put connection together but after third use not only did eczema get worse but his skin started peeling to raw red skin between ankle folds and feet.
How can a product made for babies can be so uncomfortable and harmful just after you apply it burns your skin!!!! Aveeno should review the ingredients on this product.
I tend to have sensitive skin, and I enjoy using natural products, so I thought this product would be the perfect choice. I started to slowly break out in hives after using this. It took me several days to figure out what was going on- I was almost convinced that I had bed bugs! I went to urgent care and they had me take prednisone, pepcid, and zyrtec for five days. I had hives on my face, neck, chest, arms, and I was on my second week at a new job...
I bought this to use myself as a daily moisturizer, thinking it would be gentler and more hydrating than the adult version. Every time I put it on my face burns. I've never experienced this with any other product. Why does it burn
I was so disappointed in this product, when applied to my sons face he had immediate stinging, burning and irritation to face area. It bothered he so much that almost right away he rubbed it in his eye to make matters worse. If I was Aveeno I would immediately by removing your gentle as water from the label, because this product is anything but gentle.
My daughter has really sensitive skin. I applied this thoroughly and many times while we were in the sun. She still burned. It also cause her to break out in a rash. I haven't found a single sunscreen that doesn't make her break out.
I accidentally bought the Continuous Protection instead of Natural Protection and after two uses my daughter's cheeks and neck were covered in eczema breakouts. We used Natural Protection all summer last year and this never occurred.
It took us some time to figure out why my 3 year old's daughter's face kept having eczema flareups. Then, after several winter months of no eczema, we went outside on a sunny day after applying this sunscreen. She broke out in a horrible rash. We didn't make the connection and thought it was a food trigger. The next time we used the sunscreen it happened again. :( It triggers her eczema within hours and then we have about a week fighting to calm the eczema back down.
I have used Aveeno products for years, but I started to notice my eyes burn almost all day. At first I thought it was due to allergies, but I started noticing the burning sensation immediately after using the product, and have not been outside yet.
I have very sensitive skin and figured Aveeno Baby would be the right choice for sunscreen. After two uses, both resulting in large red welted areas on my chest I realized it's the sunscreen. Fine on arms but on my chest it's a no go.
Like the other reviewers we've also had terrible luck with this supposedly gentle (and expensive!) product. My girl breaks out in an awful rash every time I use it. I am still looking for a sunscreen that will work for her, but am disappointed because I thought obviously Aveeno would be the go-to for sensitive skinned babies : (
My 6 year old daughter has sensitive skin, and after using last week, her face broke out in patches of very red, rough dry chapped places, like eczema. i had to put aquaphor on her patches for days until they cleared up. her chest and upper arms had a dry-type pink rash too. Im not going to be able to use this on her while at the beach for a week, or she will be covered in rash.
I was also disappointed by the fact that this is labeled for babies and mild as water but all of my children had a reaction to it. Even the ones that don't have as sensitive of skin had patches of eczema all over their faces. Would not recommend this product, especially not for children which is what it is marketed for!
My children have sensitive skin and we always use aveeno products. Both my kids use the aveeno baby eczema lotion and we have had no problems. So, I bought this product thinking it would be good for my children's skin and I was in a hurry and didn't research. Wrong! They immediately broke out with patches of eczema where I applied it. Upon doing research online I saw that it contained avobenzone and oxybenzone which can cause reactions in skin. Why would this be marketed as mild as water right on the front Now I feel like a bad mom for not doing the research and I am disappointed in a label I trusted.
Have used this several times on my 7 month old, and every time he breaks out with a pimply rash (doesn't matter where I used it, ie back, neck, arms, legs and face have all broke out). I agree with a previous poster though I've used the Aveeno Eczema lotion without issue. Wouldn't recommend this sunscreen for babies with sensitive skin.
My 11 month old son broke out in a terrible rash after applying this lotion. We use the Aveeno baby eczema lotion daily without issue. I don't know what is in this product that would have caused this reaction.
I tried this stuff for my 18-month old who has very dry and eczema preone skin. It was recommended on a website for sensitive skin, but I do NOT recommend using it. She broke out in small dots/pimples a few hours after using this product. The following day it was more of a rash. Still looking for something more mild.
I've struggled with my acne for over 11 years now and I am very picky about what I put on my skin. Finally after years of effort, my face has finally cleared up over the past few months. I applied the most minute amount of this to my face yesterday before I went for a run and now I'm having the worst break out I've had in YEARS. This is not safe for use on the face if you have acne prone or sensitive skin. I've used it in the past on my shoulders and arms and it worked fine so I figured it would be okay to use on my face. Boy, was I wrong. I know everyone has different reactions, but I would not recommended this product.
I started to apply it on my little one and she rubbed her eyes, immediately they started tearing and she began crying. I also noticed that it started flaking off around her face and neck.Like the other guy said look like a bunch of lint. we went simming and after 40min dryed her off and reapplyed shortly after being back in the water the sun screen started dripping down her face and just running off her like water. I will never use this again. Not what I expected form Aveeno. I love there baby body wash and baby lotion they are usually very good. Don't put your baby through the tears.
My 6 year old daughter has sensitive skin, and after using last week, her face broke out in patches of very red, rough & dry chapped places, like eczema. i had to put aquaphor on her patches for days until they cleared up. her chest and upper arms had a dry-type pink rash too. Im not going to be able to use this on her while at the beach for a week, or she will be covered in rash.
I've struggled with my acne for over 11 years now and I am very picky about what I put on my skin. Finally after years of effort, my face has finally cleared up over the past few months. I applied the most minute amount of this to my face yesterday before I went for a run and now I'm having the worst break out I've had in YEARS. This is not safe for use on the face if you have acne prone or sensitive skin. I've used it in the past on my shoulders and arms and it worked fine so I figured it would be okay to use on my face. Boy, was I wrong. I know everyone has different reactions, but I would not recommended this product.
I tried this stuff for my 18-month old who has very dry and eczema preone skin. It was recommended on a website for sensitive skin, but I do NOT recommend using it. She broke out in small dots/pimples a few hours after using this product. The following day it was more of a rash. Still looking for something more mild.
I have used Aveeno products for years, but I started to notice my eyes burn almost all day. At first I thought it was due to allergies, but I started noticing the burning sensation immediately after using the product, and have not been outside yet.
Like the other reviewers we've also had terrible luck with this supposedly gentle (and expensive!) product. My girl breaks out in an awful rash every time I use it. I am still looking for a sunscreen that will work for her, but am disappointed because I thought obviously Aveeno would be the go-to for sensitive skinned babies : (
My children have sensitive skin and we always use aveeno products. Both my kids use the aveeno baby eczema lotion and we have had no problems. So, I bought this product thinking it would be good for my children's skin and I was in a hurry and didn't research. Wrong! They immediately broke out with patches of eczema where I applied it. Upon doing research online I saw that it contained avobenzone and oxybenzone which can cause reactions in skin. Why would this be marketed as "mild as water" right on the front? Now I feel like a bad mom for not doing the research and I am disappointed in a label I trusted.
When first used product we didn't have any issues, after second use my son had a few eczema spots return but didn't put connection together but after third use not only did eczema get worse but his skin started peeling to raw red skin between ankle folds and feet.
I was also disappointed by the fact that this is labeled for babies and "mild as water" but all of my children had a reaction to it. Even the ones that don't have as sensitive of skin had patches of eczema all over their faces. Would not recommend this product, especially not for children which is what it is marketed for!
I tend to have sensitive skin, and I enjoy using natural products, so I thought this product would be the perfect choice. I started to slowly break out in hives after using this. It took me several days to figure out what was going on- I was almost convinced that I had bed bugs! I went to urgent care and they had me take prednisone, pepcid, and zyrtec for five days. I had hives on my face, neck, chest, arms, and I was on my second week at a new job...
It took us some time to figure out why my 3 year old's daughter's face kept having eczema flareups. Then, after several winter months of no eczema, we went outside on a sunny day after applying this sunscreen. She broke out in a horrible rash. We didn't make the connection and thought it was a food trigger. The next time we used the sunscreen it happened again. :( It triggers her eczema within hours and then we have about a week fighting to calm the eczema back down.
Have used this several times on my 7 month old, and every time he breaks out with a pimply rash (doesn't matter where I used it, ie back, neck, arms, legs and face have all broke out). I agree with a previous poster though I've used the Aveeno Eczema lotion without issue.Wouldn't recommend this sunscreen for babies with sensitive skin.
I was so disappointed in this product, when applied to my sons face he had immediate stinging, burning and irritation to face area. It bothered he so much that almost right away he rubbed it in his eye to make matters worse. If I was Aveeno I would immediately by removing your gentle as water from the label, because this product is anything but gentle.
I have very sensitive skin and figured Aveeno Baby would be the right choice for sunscreen.After two uses, both resulting in large red welted areas on my chest I realized it's the sunscreen.Fine on arms but on my chest it's a no go.
I just used this sunblock last weekend on both my children and myself. My kids are fine but my skin is red, raw and covered in hives. It hurts terribly and also itches. I am now on allergy medicine and a steroid. I am really upset about this and would not recommend this product to anyone. I am fair skinned but I have never had any bad reaction to sunblock before.
My 11 month old son broke out in a terrible rash after applying this lotion. We use the Aveeno baby eczema lotion daily without issue. I don't know what is in this product that would have caused this reaction.
I started to apply it on my little one and she rubbed her eyes, immediately they started tearing and she began crying. I also noticed that it started flaking off around her face and neck.Like the other guy said look like a bunch of lint. we went simming and after 40min dryed her off and reapplyed shortly after being back in the water the sun screen started dripping down her face and just running off her like water. I will never use this again. Not what I expected form Aveeno. I love there baby body wash and baby lotion they are usually very good. Don't put your baby through the tears.
How can a product made for babies can be so uncomfortable and harmful just after you apply it burns your skin!!!! Aveeno should review the ingredients on this product.
I bought this to use myself as a daily moisturizer, thinking it would be gentler and more hydrating than the adult version. Every time I put it on my face burns. I've never experienced this with any other product. Why does it burn???
My daughter has really sensitive skin. I applied this thoroughly and many times while we were in the sun. She still burned. It also cause her to break out in a rash. I haven't found a single sunscreen that doesn't make her break out.
I applied this twice to my son while we were only outside for 40 minutes and he got burnt anyways. You could see it melting off of him. It's thick and sticky. It feels really greasy. It doesn't spread well. Really mad I wasted my money on this.
I wish I could give this 1 star. This sunscreen has now caused 2 total meltdowns with my toddler after he rubbed his eyes and got it in there (I should have learned the first time). We just left the park after a 45 minute crying fit that had to involve a police officer that was standing by to help watch my running car as I tried in vain to wash it out of his eyes in a water fountain. Absolute garbage.
baby is allergic.
Bought the sunscreen. Didn't like it. Baby's skin does not absorb it, also I wish I had checked the ingredients before ordering.. it's not very children friendly
i don't like it.
I literally have no idea why a product for babies and children would not be tearless.I have sworn by Aveeno products for years for both of my children's eczema. But within 20 minutes of application, and for hours after, both my 3 year old and 3 month old were screaming over this spf getting in there eyes. Frankly, I'm pissed. I expected better from this brand.Trashing this ASAP.
Really stings eyes. Wouldn't use on babySmears on car any glass difficult to get off
2 out of 6 sleeve had tears in them :(
We used this product last summer while on vacation for the beach. My daughter played in sand, and was in salty and chlorinated water all week. When her eczema flared up worse than ever we assumed it was the hot humid weather coupled with the sand and water that was irritating her skin. Even after our trip and continuing to limit sun exposure, her skins condition never fully healed until fall.This summer I used the same product and the first day I used it, she was broken out. Convinced it was the sunblock causing this problem I switched her to Babyganics and VIOLA! Her skin is baby soft and totally 100 eczema free!She still has flare ups when exposed to sand and chlorine water, but they are mild and we still use Aveenos other baby eczema products to help combat it.
Avoid !!!!This product has harsh chemicals in it, I can't believe they would market this for kids.
It claims to be natural on Amazon - I was searching specifically for healthier sun screen for my little cousins.This one has parabens in it. Please be aware
Label states mild as water which is untrue. After applying this sunscreen on my 11 month old he was crying, the area around his lips was red, and he had red bumps on his back. I immediately put him in the bath and washed this trash off of him.After visiting the Aveeno website I saw a 2 1/2 star rating for this product along with horror stories of this product causing severe reactions.I would not recommend this product and I plan on calling Aveeno.
My daughter had ezcema has a young baby but it has been cleared up for many months now. My daughter is now 10 months and hasn't had any problems with honest sunscreen or other natural kinds. I bought this thinking it would be fine but she had a horrible reaction to it! I have now thrown out the bottle.
When we opened it is not solid, it is completely melt and pour like water.All the liquid fall in one go.My recommendation never buy online sun creams.
I bought the Aveeno sunscreen for my toddler son since we use their baby soap and lotion and have been impressed with the products on his sensitive skin. However, the sunscreen is not like their other products! We used it on him everyday for two weeks at the beach. He would always fight us when we put it on and then scream when we gave him a shower. We thought he was just being difficult until I tried some on my face and got my face wet in the pool and it BURNS and stings! It was a firey sensation on both my face and my eyes. Even when we put it on him and let it sit for 30 min before getting wet, we could visibly see the sunscreen washing off, thus getting into the eyes. I have never seen a waterproof/resistant sunscreen coming off in the water like this. I haven't written a product review before mostly because nothing has been so bad that makes me want to spend the time to write a review but this is a must skip sunscreen! I'm looking for a new sunscreen for him now.
My son's eyes swelled up and watered and skin broke out in a rash unlike when we use Thinkbaby.
When I used this product on my child she broke out into hives everywhere it touched her skinand she was crying in pain. It was a very tense half hour where we had to work to wash off this waterproof product. After this happened my sister-in-law immediately asked what we had used and she said her daughter had experience the same reaction to this product from Aveeno. The claim that this is as gentle as water is a complete fabrication - we use so many Aveeno products in our home because of skin sensitivities and I was very let down by this product and upset I had relied on this company I trusted to tell us the truth that this was specifically formulated for babies. After this happened I compared the ingredients to my own sunscreen and found all of the active ingredients were the same as my own, adult, sunscreen from another company. We have since switched to the Honest Company 100 zinc oxide sunscreen.
I bought this product as I trusted Aveeno as a brand. But the sun cream has accidentally got into my babies eyes and she was sore for hours. And I also have just linked the sun cream to her ezcema and a rash all over her legs and her face. Won't be using this again. Sorry Aveeno! I love all your other products but not this one!
Horrible product!!!! You and your child will get burnt!!
Used this product on my one year old who has fair skin. He developed eczema in all his creases/joints. Do not use this product on your baby if they have sensitive or eczema prone skin. For the same amount of money (14 Canadian) you can go online and buy a much better product. Do your research!
I bought this thinking aveeno was a gentle brand. After first use baby had rash and enough big spots that daycare refused to take her until I saw a doctor because they thought she had chicken pox. I wasn't completely sure it was the sunscreen until the next weekend when I used it on myself because I found myself outside in full sun one afternoon and that's all I had with me, now I have the same bumps on my hands...I will be throwing this out! I'd rather use my own sunscreen on baby than this horrible baby product.
I order sunblock not sunscreen I can buy sunscreen anywhere. I been looking for sunblock in many stores and I couldn't find it. that why I try online and I received sunscreen . Not fair
Took our young daughter to the ballpark, applied to face, arms, and legs per directions. The first thing that happened is the lotion melted in the sun, and dripped down her face burning her eyes. She was miserable. Then she developed a rash on her face and arms. The day out was cut short so we could rush home and wash the stuff off of her.
so i purchased this product to use on my face (not paying attention to the ingredients) because most sunscreens make my face burn (not like sunburn, like chemical sensitive skin burn). my face starting stinging sooo badly right after application! i looked at the ingredients... oxobenzene. there's no way i would put this on a baby! for the same price you can find a nice organic sunscreen
My son has two bloodshot eyes and was in agony moments ago. Avoid this, it is not mild as water, as the package states. It was actually worrying how swollen his eyes were. I'm a sad momma!
This sunscreen smells great and feels creamy, but caused a horrible rash on my son's back. Since it was Aveeno, I figured that he must be sensitive to pool water, or something else, but I read other reviews here, and discontinued it. As soon as I did, the rash cleared up. I would highly recommend mustela or baby organics sunscreen instead.
i bought the aveeno baby sunblock on July of 2012, after i received it, i did not check the expire date, i assume it will be good for at least a year. but when i paid attention to it today, i found the expire date is december of 2012. I am not happy to buy stuff with such short period of good-to-use time.
I was going through baby sunscreens on the shelf, checking ingredients and discovered that Aveeno Baby sunscreen contained Ethylparaben and Methylparaben. I avoided purchasing this product all together. Aveeno Sun Natural Protection Baby SPF 50 Stick, 0.5 Ounce might be a better choice and is included in the Environmental Working Group's Best Sunscreen list. ...
I have 15 month old twins with pasty white skin. They need sunscreen to protect them daily during the summer. I used this sunscreen for approx. 2 weeks before I started noticing eczema on both of their faces, arms and legs. The last time I used it, it caused a red, raised bumpy rash on my one girl's legs. I stopped using it once I put two and two together and have switched to a hypo-allergenic brand that seems to be working well.
This contains oxybenzone - what more do you need to know There are a lot of other sunscreens on the market that are safe, including other Aveeno products. There is no need to buy this one.
Coppertone gave my 21 month old son a rash so I went to the store looking for something designed for sensitive skin. This product seemed to fit the bill. I applied it to my son's chest, back and arms then spent about an hour in the sun. That evening the entire area where I had applied this product was broken out in HIVES. This product is NOT for sensitive skin. After doing some research I found that it had made the EWG's Hall of Shame for bad sunscreens:...
My 20 month old broke out in a rash all over her beautiful face after using this sunscreen! Needless to say, I checked the sunscreen on the Environmental Working Group and it made the HALL OF SHAME!!! As did a couple of other baby friendly sunscreens. DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!! ...
It stings the eyes..and my son even got rash on his cheeks...! I feel so bad having put him through this. Will never ever buy this again ..!!
contains OXYBENZONE
The lotion was not the quality that I have come to expect from Aveeno. Bought 2 bottles and in both the lotion was separated and no mater how much we would try to get it to mix, it wouldn't. During the time that we had it, it was never exposed to extreme temperatures. We went ahead and tried to use and it caused a rash on my daughter's face. We had ordered this about 1 month prior to needing to use it and by the time we realized the quality of the product, Amazon would not accept a return....
I bought this product for my son, 8 year old. He plays soccer and I want make sure he is protect from sunburn. However, every time I put on him this sunscreen, he was complaining of burning and uncomfortable feeling on his skin. I really though that he was just finding an excuse to not use the cream. Then, I started to use myself and I put on my arms and notice that it really BURNS!!! I felt sorry for my son to be persistent about using this product. It is very harmful and TERRIBLE because it is made for BABYS!!! Babies does not speak, they just cry...I really hope that other parents watch out for this product.
I purchased it at target and I was really disappointed because I really love aveeno products. The product has a tendency to separate and it ends up like clumpy chalk and oily residue.And if you use too much its clumps up on your skin and leave a weird grainy texture on you.
I can't wait to put all these carcinogenic parabens on my baby's skin.
I love Aveeno's lotions, shampoos, and body washes for adults, and I trusted their brand name, so I gave this sunblock a try for my toddler. Before I put it on him, though, I tested it myself, and I am SO GLAD I did. I used it on my face, and people, it STINKS. It smells like you got a splash of gasoline on you at the gas station, and when it's rubbed into your face so that you can't get away from it -- ugh, nauseating! I understand that it is unscented, but the ingredients in it smell like gasoline to me. Even after testing it, though, I was still willing to consider MAYBE using it for my boy, because again, I trusted Aveeno, and I know that different lotions smell different to different people. But then, my husband used it before he mowed the lawn one day, and he came back to me, UNSOLICITED, and said, and I quote, That stuff smells terrible! It smells like gasoline! I couldn't believe it. I had never asked him what he thought, or mentioned to him that that's exactly the same impression I had had! So that settled it: I tossed the barely-used tube into the trash. Before you buy this product, try taking a whiff of it at your local grocery or drug store. If you can smell that gasoline smell at all, don't buy it, because the effect will be intensified once it's on your face (or your poor baby's face!).
We purchased Aveeno Baby Sunblock thinking it would be good for our baby since we use their lotion and bath products. That being said--when we first put it on my son, he started blinking, rubbing his eyes and crying. His eyes started turning red and he was super fussy (not typical).We thought maybe he got some in his eyes (as in larger amounts) so we tried again and same thing happened--he hated it and his eyes turned red and he kept rubbing them.We will no longer be using this on my son--I will however, use it for myself since it doesn't seem to bother my skin (I'll use on my shoulders/arms).
I ordered this without looking at the ingredients (I know). And after I received it, even started using it. It has a really nice consistency and then discovered why. It has 3 kinds of parabens. Parabens have been linked to both breast cancer and endocrine disruption. While Aveeno might say the science is not all in - why take the risk I'd rather choose a product that doesn't have that potential danger. I found the Babyganics sunscreens Babyganics Cover Up Baby Sunscreen For Face and Body 50 SPF, 6-Ounce (Pack of 2) that you can also sign up for the subscription for without parabens. They are on the list of the cosmetic database/Skin deep's list of safe sunscreens. ...
I generally really like Aveeno products but I was incredibly disappointed with this one. I bought it as a high SPF product to apply to my face this summer. I had no intention of using it on a baby, but after using this product I would be so upset if I had put it on my children. The product has a horrible smell, like burnt tires, and it stings/burns like crazy when applying. I am not just talking about getting it in the eye area. If you put it on your face, your skin feels like it is on fire! Will never purchase this one again. Maybe it is a bad batch, but be wary of this product!
It feels like you have just rubbed an open jalapeno in your eyes if you get this stuff in them. MOMS BEWARE!!!!! I tested it when it got in my daughter's eyes so I would know the severity of the situation and it was shocking, disturbing and frankly just WRONG on their part to produce a product this aggressively irritating and label it for babies. Babies rub their eyes when they are tired!!DON'T BUY IT!!!!!! Buy Ban Bt Tear Free or another tear free brand.
I want to like this cart. I really do. But when it arrived, I spent two hours trying to assemble it, only to realize the drawer tracks were completely misaligned and the threading for the bolts in the shelves were not drilled in properly and impossible to work around. I still wanted to have faith in this product, so I returned it and ordered it again. The SAME problems occurred again, and I'm left having wasted several trips to the store and at least four hours assembling this terrible product. For what this costs, it really shouldn't be this shoddy.
But my wife loves him, thus purchasing the CD. I hate supporting this guy, but you know what they say, Happy Wife, Happy Life!
It has very light spray and does not do as advertised. I feel like I wasted my my money on this worthless product. I shook the bottle before spraying, but still does not clean and do the job as listed on the advertising on the bottle.
What have you done to Vicks I have used this product for many years and it is not the same nor does it work as well. The vapor feeling is gone and it does not clear my head like it did in the past.
My husband picked this up for me when I was sick and didn't realize it was lemon scented. It was effective but the smell was very strong and left me feeling like I needed to go clean something rather than relaxed. The smell of Vicks is a bit nostalgic and brings comfort. The lemon scent is not relaxing at all. If they want to try new scents, maybe lavender would be better
Like others who have posted, something has definitely changed with VapoRub. It doesn't smell as strong. It has been posted that the formula hasn't changed but all of us couldn't be wrong. The nose knows. And while I'm writing, please bring back VapoCream. It was so much more pleasant to use. Had I known it was going to be discontinued years ago I would have bought it by the case. Pat
I only put one star because I had to. Will not buy your product unless you go back to the original ingredients that work. I paid a lot of money for this and threw it out it did not work and smelled horrible. Soooooooo disappointed.
I've read a response from Vicks to another reviewer that stated there have not been any changes to the formula in recent times. However, there have obviously been changes since I used it years ago. I did not find it near as soothing nor as strong, so did not find the rub effective. It's also expensive for what it is, so I returned it to the store where I purchased it.
I have to say the effectiveness of this product is lame... Guess I will have to try another brand after all these years. Quite disappointing after growing up with this cure all product. Not effective at all. I can get relief with simple steam now. Looks like another good product sell out...
VICKS VAPORUB MADE IN MEXICO...YOU MUST BE VERY PROUD THAT YOU HAVE THIS PRODUCT MADE OUTSIDE THE U.S.A.THEN TURN IT AROUND TO SELL IT TO AMERICANS THAT ARE OUT OF WORK.YOU WANT TO CUT COSTS, WELL, CUT YOUR MANAGEMENT SALARIES AND FIRE ALL WHO DECIDED TO HAVE ANY OF YOR PRODUCTS MADE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES!
i was short one of the vicks vapor rub, i am not happy. please see about getting me my rub then i will rate again
This Product does not have an expiration date just a series of numbers deciphered by Proctor
I purchased this and realized upon opening that the jar was not sealed in any way. How am I supposed to feel safe using this on my already sick child if it is not sealed when I open it for the first time There also is no expiration date on the box or jar. Does this not expire I am genuinely curious about this.
I brought some vics vaporub yesterday to my disappointment I found it had no smell didn't have any feeling on my skin. felt like it had expired was no good, but I checked the date still has another 3 years to go. Has the formula changed, feel like I wasted my money will never buy this product again. it had no Zing to it
Would recommend this movie for all families with children.
My daughter collects animated movies and she loved Cars, so thought this would be a great addition to her collection.
We all know that Disney releases great movies as their normal "1st Tier" offerings......Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, etc., and these are all great films. Then, they release great "2nd Tier" sequels like Toy Story 2, etc. which live up to the greatness of the first film. This was not one of those great "2nd Tier" Disney offerings. Instead, they milk films and release unnecessary sequels. This film was one of those unnecessary sequels that really fell short, a true "3rd Tier" offering.
Very good flick.
The cd was what I expected but the shipping wasn't great at all it shipped to the store and when I received the cd it was broken
It's a very good quality product but the dimensions listed on the website are incorrect so I can't use it for what I was planning. So buying it, waiting for delivery, and returning to the store was unfortunately a waste of my time! The listed dimensions are:Product Depth (in.) 1.29Product Width (in.) 1.29Product Height (in.) 1.86Projection 1.86 inActual dimensions:Product Height: 1 5/16"Product Diameter: 1 3/4"
I purchased this for my 2 year old son who has very curly thick hair. The shampoo and conditioner left his hair very dry and brittle. I also used the Kids butter curling smoothie also, and that just leaves it looks like he has white flakes in his hair. If this product is just for females, then I wish it would say so. I was very disappointed.
The bottle is tiny. Really tiny. Like sample size. You're paying 10 for a travel sized bottle of conditioner. My 4yo daughter has very long hair, this is rediculous to think it will last any length of time at all.
If you are buying this because you will be rocking an infant to sleep, DO NOT GET IT. You will seriously regret it. Although it looks nice and is fairly comfortable, it is a piece of junk. It started squeaking about 2 months after purchase. I had read reviews from other people that this happened but some of them said they were heavier people so I thought maybe that was why. I only weight about 130 pounds so that was not an issue with me. The thing squeaks and wakes the baby up. Actually it scares the heck out of her because it will be quiet one minute and then all of a sudden start this horrible squeaking and then I cannot get her to sleep. It's horrible and there is absolutely nothing you can do to fix it. It's not the metal needing oil or anything like that. My husband and my father both tried to fix it but no such luck. Dont waste your money. Now I have to buy a new more expensive one and wish i would have had the 200 I wasted on this piece of junk. How do they even get away with selling it
The glider came incomplete as the armrest cushion had no buttons to snap it onto the glider. Our baby was due any day and when I contacted Storkcraft, the customer service rep was very difficult to understand and was not very helpful. He said that the only thing that he could do was to send the armrest cushion to us within 20 business days. 20 business days is A MONTH! We have bought 3 Storkcraft products and had problems with 2 of the 3. My advice is find a different company to buy from.
I purchased this glider and it came with intensely itchy cushions. I cannot even lean back in the seat if i'm wearing a tank top because it's so itchy. I am not allergic, I had 5 people sit in the chair as well and all agree. I tried contacting stork craft to replace the cushion and they refused. Horrible company, horrible customer service. Buyer beware!
Avoid this product. Very poorly built. Bearing that connect the chair to the base give out in less than a year. Contacted Storkcraft and they said it would be 80 to get a new base because they don't sell the bearings separately even though its a known issue. Don't waste your money.
Within weeks of using this rocking chair we started to have problems. The chair started to make really loud noises like it was going to fall apart. My husband took some graphite oil and that helped for about 4 weeks but now it seems we have to oil it about every two weeks which is ridiculous. Very disappointed in this chair although I guess for the price I should have known better. The most frustrating piece of furniture I have ever owned. There is nothing worse than feeding a baby in the middle of the night and the chair squeaks so bad and so loud that you cannot use it. I highly recommend that you not waste your money on this chair.
Ordered a glider ottoman for my nursery, it took almost a month to arrive! Once it arrived the box was left outside the front door and it was clearly burnt. We opened it up and found that the fabric on the glider and ottoman was also burnt. Not sure where the fire was or why they bothered to deliver the damaged item. We had to arrange for ups to pick up the item for return and get a refund. Purchased the item from Babies R Us instead due to the HUGE inconvenience.
I just got this chair and have been looking for months for the perfect glider. We got it out of the box and the snaps were missing on the handles we couldn't attach the cushions. The cushions were also extremely hard. I am very dissapointed:(
We like the chair but I still think for 200 it should last more than 15 months.
I purchased this glider to use for when our new baby arrives. Major disappointment when the pre-assembled part of the chair was missing a whole side of screws that are supposed to attach the seat to the gliding base, making the chair worthless and unstable. After SEVERAL attempts to contact Storkcraft to simply have them send us the correct size screws I finally got a hold of a very rude customer service agent who told me they could not send the screws since this portion was pre-assembled and that I should return it to the store!! This has been a lot of hassle and headache for poorly constructed product that now Im supposed to find a way to haul back to the store. What a waste.
I have had this set for eight months in my baby's room since we brought him home. With in a couple of months the squeeking started which was fixable with wd40. Now this glider is out of control skreetching with a big bump in the middle of the glide. It is really irratating when all you need to do is sit and rock your upset baby. So now we are waiting for our new rocker not a glider to be delivered. We search and found that even some of the expensive gliders have the same complaints which is why we are going with a rocker. Good Luck!
So the main purpose of a rocking chair is to rock or glide right The chair i received rocks all right but while rocking it has the most annoying squeak ever! We have tried W-40 just about everywhere and this is in my newborn babies room so i really didn't love putting all the fumes in there period but we tried it and just kept her out of the room for a few days. It didn't work. My husband thought he fixed it by tightening a few screws, that worked for a few days but the squeaking came back. Now 6 months later it is nosier than ever and we try not to move at all when we are siting it in which has defeated the purpose and also impossible in a chair such as this. We should have just got a regular chair and it would have worked better. I am pretty furious about it though since we are of course feeding our new baby at all hours of the night and at 2 in the morning the chair almost gets thrown out the window its so annoying. maybe i just got a defective chair but other than that the rocking chair is GREAT! :(
my husband purchased this product for me to use for nursing..it was easy to put together and only took about 20-30 minutes tops. it's a very beautiful chair and the colors are great. i was really impressed at first especially for the price. it did smell funny at first, but nothing fabreeze can't fix and i'm sure the rubbery smell would wear off after a couple weeks. HOWEVER the quality was very poor.. after only 2 days the chair broke! the first time my husband sat in it the chair made a creeking sound, but we figured it was breaking in since it was brand new and didn't think much of it. the next day when he sat in it and glided it made a loud pop and the bottom bars that glide broke. i wouldn't recommend this product it is very pretty, but not worth it and a waste of your money. i guess you get what you pay for. our local walmart did return it, but save you time and money and don't go through the hassle of having to take it apart and taking it back to the store.
After owning this for a few months the entire product tore up.. All the cushion settled and made knots in the fabric and the base of the chair broke. Total junk!!!!!
I bought this glider and after a 2 week wait to arrive it was broken,the company left me on hold for 45 minutes until I hung up and emailed them and they refused to send me a replacement part. the chair carries a 1 year warranty and was manufactured 6 months ago but I cannot get a replacement part unless I pay for it. The emails I received about my replacement part from customer service were very rude. stay away from this company and go with a different brand!
This chair was nice when it was first purchased. My daughter was only two weeks old and the chair started to squeek! Now not only does it squeek, but there is a loud clunking sound and it isn't a gentle soothing glider! WD 40 will not work when the squeek is wood on wood...try baby powder! But only a quick not permant fix. I WOULD NEVER recommend this product to someone with a baby! Also not enough room for your arms and baby for nursing. I don't hardly use it anymore because of those reasons...it was a WASTE of money.
When we originally got the Glider we were impressed by the color and the padding and such. Required minimal installation but we have regretted this purchase soon after. The glider squeaks so much that it is unbearable to use. No matter how much of WD40 we use it doesn't help. I would not recommend this Glider and we are going to purchase a Dutalier or a better glider soon.
Walmart did a great job, they deliver before the arrival time and the customer service was great, but i didn't like the glider and ottoman. The quality of the product is nice and well done, but it is really uncomfortable for me. You have to sit very straight......So, unfortunately I have returned this product 2 days after I received it.
Not. Like. Palmer
product says 'cocoa butter solid'. what a joke- the first 3 ingredients are mineral oil, petrolalum, and parrafin. in fact according to the label, it has more fragrance in it than cocoa butter. It even contains corn oil !! I could have saved myself some money and time by buying a cheap candle and rubbing it on. Label shows a picture of a cocoa bean - it should have shown an oil rig and ear of corn !!! no wonder they don't show the ingredients in the ad - not even on the manufacturer's website.shame on Amazon for even allowing it to be catagorized with real cocoa butter products.
The item was already expired before I could eat it and the others were close to expiration. Will not shop for yogurt at this location again.
I hate this stuff. I wasted my money on buying it. It made my hair feel like it weighed tons and was VERY tacky feeling. When I washed my hair I had to wash it three times before I could get the product out of my hair.
This product WILL NOT WASH OUT. I've washed my hair 4 times now, and it still won't come out. It's almost like I have wax or gum stuck in my hair. I cannot recommend this to anyone. I've used all sorts of spiking puttys, waxes, glues, etc, and I've never had this issue with any of them.
This stuff does not wash out of my hair even after 3 washes.
This product is ridiculous. It indeed holds and sculpts firmly with a matte finish, but good luck getting it out of your hair. Days later and after multiple washes, my poor hair is left feeling tacky and clumpy- stiff like straw. As another review stated, 'stuck with chewing gum' would be a totally accurate comparison. This was my first styling purchase from L'Oreal and I expected so much more from such a leading name in hair care. How disappointing. Never again.
Like other reviewers I am very impressed with the quality of the hold that this product has. I have very thick hair with a fine texture that is incredibly difficult to style and very rarely will a drugstore product hold my hair all day. However, like other reviewers I am incredibly disappointed by the fact that this product does NOT wash out. Had I know that I would need a different shampoo to remove this product I would not have purchased it. There is nothing on the label indicating that a clarifying shampoo is necessary.
This is the worst hair product I have ever had in my life. Just like the other 1 star reviews, I have exactly the same problem with this branch. I used to purchased a Lo'real hair style gel, at the end of the day after using it, the gel on my hair collected a big amount of dust in the air. This this time, even after taking 3 time shampooed my hair, the product still stick on it, I dont know how to wash it completely. now i have to throw away the whole box, what a waste of money.
AVOID AT ALL COST! This stuff is awful - While it DOES hold my hair in a faux hawk quite well...its not worth the disgusting, greasy, oily feeling it leaves behind...and it WILL NOT..i repeat as others have said.. NOT wash out!! I have even used my wife's high-dollar solon shampoo and I usuallyh ave to wash it 2-3 times.. Its terrible. I don't know why is has to leave such a bad residue or else I might actually like it. The worst part is o bough TWO of these jars on sale thinking I would try something new and now I cant return them.Loreal: I don't even care about a refund I just want something else that's not greasy!
I recently purchased the TXT IT 02 Hyper-Fix Putty, and I must say, it is by far the worst hair product I have ever used. It worked great as far as styling, except for the tacky feeling that remained, but after only three days of using it, I had a disgusting buildup of very sticky, waxy residue in my hair. I had been thoroughly shampooing every single day, yet I still could not get it clean.After those three days, I quit using the Putty, shampooed my hair three times one day, and the residue was STILL there. It was only after another two or three days of vigorous shampooing in the morning that my hair was finally free of the gunk. This was not a matter of using too much product, as I only applied an amount slightly less than dime-size to my very thick hair.Needless to say, I will not be using any more of this product, and I wasted $3.97+sales tax at Walmart on this horrible product. This is a shoddy product that L'Oreal needs to seriously consider pulling from shelves if they don't want to lose customers.
I needed something to help style my hair for work(bartender) and this looked like it would be able to keep my hair in one place without me having to adjust it during a shift at work. Unfortunately, like most others who have bought this problem, have had issues removing the product from their hair, just like I have. I WOULD NOT recommend anyone to use this product at all.
I got these products as a sample for testing purposes through an app called influenster and I was really really excited to try this out, but I am highly sensitive to fragrance so basically anything with scent makes me break out... when I opened up the bottle it was way to scented for me to be able to use :/ please consider that for future products! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was so excited about receiving this free to use and write a review... my excitement ended there....in my opinion makes my roots more greasy and my ends dull. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i didn't not like this product, i received it from influenster and was not a fan.. i felt like it didn't condition my ends very well and my hair didn't feel as soft as it would've with my other conditioner This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm happy I got to try this courtesy of Influenster but I really didn't like it. It didn't condition my hair at all. Not worth purchasing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wasn't too pleased with this conditioner, but I also wasn't too upset- it was just plain average. I did receive this product for free for reviewing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got this to test out and review.. didn't really like the way my hair felt after.... my hair felt dry and caked with product... haven't used it since. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I got these products in the mail I was actually really excited about them! But once I used them I notice that they didn't really make a difference in my oily roots or my dry ends! On the contrary I feel like my roots became more oily and my hair and ends became extremely dry! I wasn't too happy with these products. Beware of your hair becoming very tangled!! (If you have curly hair). As far as the conditioner, it smelled kind of good actually and it felt like it conditioned my hair while I applied it in the shower. But out of the shower, my hair was a COMPLETELY different story! Very tangled and dry ends! *I received these products complimentary from Influenster but all the reviews are my own thoughts* This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Bought the Extraordinary Clay Conditioner because I was told that the Power Moisture Hydrating Conditioner has been discontinued and this one replaced it. Do not like the new one at all. Hair isn't as shiny get huge knots in my hair when blow drying can totally feel the difference in the texture of my hair.
I can see this working AMAZINGLY for someone with normal thickness and coarseness. Between the mask and shampoo it was too much for my already dry damaged ends. i did receive this product for free in exchange for a review however all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wanted to love this product, but unfortunately it didn't work well with my hair. It helped with my oily roots, but it left my ends extremely dry. It just didn't have the moisture component that I needed. I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes and the the opinions expressed are that of my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Too drying even for my thin, always greasy hair. Maybe I have bought organic stuff for too long to switch back. I wanted a bit of drying to get lift and volume. This was bad! My hair has never been this dry with any product. My hair looked damaged with one use. I returned immediately.
my hair is dry and conditionaer is a big part of this process , but this did nothing for me. smells great but its not the product for me. received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got these products as a sample for testing purposes through an app called influenster and I was really really excited to try this out, but I am highly sensitive to fragrance so basically anything with scent makes me break out... when I opened up the bottle it was way to scented for me to be able to use :/ please consider that for future products! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i didn't not like this product, i received it from influenster and was not a fan.. i felt like it didn't condition my ends very well and my hair didn't feel as soft as it would've with my other conditioner This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wanted to love this product, but unfortunately it didn't work well with my hair. It helped with my oily roots, but it left my ends extremely dry. It just didn't have the moisture component that I needed. I received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes and the the opinions expressed are that of my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got this to test out and review.. didn't really like the way my hair felt after.... my hair felt dry and caked with product... haven't used it since. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wasn't too pleased with this conditioner, but I also wasn't too upset- it was just plain average. I did receive this product for free for reviewing purposes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I'm happy I got to try this courtesy of Influenster but I really didn't like it. It didn't condition my hair at all. Not worth purchasing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I can see this working AMAZINGLY for someone with normal thickness and coarseness. Between the mask and shampoo it was too much for my already dry damaged ends. i did receive this product for free in exchange for a review however all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
When I got these products in the mail I was actually really excited about them! But once I used them I notice that they didn't really make a difference in my oily roots or my dry ends! On the contrary I feel like my roots became more oily and my hair and ends became extremely dry! I wasn't too happy with these products. Beware of your hair becoming very tangled!! (If you have curly hair). As far as the conditioner, it smelled kind of good actually and it felt like it conditioned my hair while I applied it in the shower. But out of the shower, my hair was a COMPLETELY different story! Very tangled and dry ends! *I received these products complimentary from Influenster but all the reviews are my own thoughts* This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was so excited about receiving this free to use and write a review... my excitement ended there....in my opinion makes my roots more greasy and my ends dull. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
my hair is dry and conditionaer is a big part of this process , but this did nothing for me. smells great but its not the product for me. received these products free/complimentary for testing purposes, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I got the new presentation and did not think of anything until I started appliying it to my husband. It wasn't creamy like allwas. It was watery and I had to keep cleaning my husband face. I told him to better take a shower to avoid contact with his eyes. It just does not work at all.
I was a very big fan of the Just For Men H 60 Jet Black Hair color until they pulled the original formula from the shelf in the Augusta Ga area and went to this NO DRIP formula. The concept is nice but the product is poor!!!! The coloring doesn't last near as long as the original formula. A good thing gone bad in my opinion. If I had to make a complaint about the original formula it would have been the coloring didn't last long enough but now with this new NO DRIP formula the color fades away even quicker!!! It appear they got good ratings on the original H 60 formula. They should have at least posted both formulas and seen which one sold the best as opposed to totally eliminating the better product and not leaving their customers a choice but to purchase the NO DRIP under performing brand. I have quite a few friend that used this product in the past and we were totally satisfied up until they discontinued the original H 60 formula and went to this new NO DRIP formula. At this point we're saying good bye to a product that served us well in the past!!! I hope they consider putting the original formula back on the shelf in our area. If they haven't taken the original formula off the shelf in your area you may want to stock up with it. I'm sure we're not the only one's that don't like the change!
I have been generally pleased with your product for some time until I noticed all of my dress shirt collars were getting discolored, especially my white ones. It never occurred to me that it was this hair color product doing the damage. I have followed application instructions carefully and thoroughly, but this product continued to leech color. I have quit using your product and have switched to a another hair color product with no clothing discoloration issues.
This was not a karaoke cd so it didn't work for me
Comes in exactly the same size box as the regular Mitchum Clinical but when you open it, the container is about half the size of the normal one. This is no deal it all. Better to go to the store and buy it. (If you can find it available I rarely can)
These pliers are children sized. About 4 long. Couldn't take a hook out of a small trout never mind a fish that you don't want to get your fingers near.So small they could be used as a key fob.
Worst deodorant of all time. Does not work in anyway shape or form
I used it few times, it does not stay at all, it will wash away and didn't notice any difference at all.
Horrible. Used it 3-4 times over the last 3 years with little or no irritation. on the fifth time January 3, 2016 had serious reaction, blistered my skin, swelling, weeping clear/yellowish liquid from all over my face and around mouth. Wherever this stuff was applied on my face, itch, burn, blistering occurred. Never use this again.
I used Just for Men in the past with no issues. I used it last week and the next day developed a acute rash and swelling including weeping of open sores. The severe itching continues 2 weeks after use and cannot sleep. I e-mailed the company for advise on treatment but they did not answer my request for help. I cannot believe it is still being sold.
This conditioner came out of the bottle very chunky and lumpy and not at all attractive. I was expecting a more consistent texture. It was more like chunky mayo. Maybe it was just a freak thing but I wouldn't suggest it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner did nothing for my curly except leave it bushy and tangled. My hair was so unmanageable after using this.
I do not like how heavy this conditioner is. Even using the tiniest amount I will get greasy buildup the next day. This product obviously is not meant for fine hair. I would only recommend this to people with extreme cases of dry scalp, and with coarse hair. This is my professional opinion. I tested this product free, but all opinions are my own.
This conditioner came out of the bottle very chunky and lumpy and not at all attractive. I was expecting a more consistent texture. It was more like chunky mayo. Maybe it was just a freak thing but I wouldn't suggest it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This conditioner did nothing for my curly except leave it bushy and tangled. My hair was so unmanageable after using this.
I'm hesitant about MP only games, but after Overwatch was so fun I thought this might be too. Boy was I wrong. The graphics are decent, but the gameplay is atrocious. Stumbling around in the dark, balancing on beams while getting attack from several directions at once. How is that fun? Could not sell it fast enough.
1st one I got fell apart when washed on gentle cycle. Had to order a second one. Don't buy it. It's full of stupid tags one has to carefully cut off so it's not ugly
I bought this bottle and used it in my whites before I finally had to use it on my sons favorite blue captain America hoodie and it died it off blue just on the section it touched he is so upset. Now I have to go out and buy him or try to find him a new one. I'm very upset!
My son plays baseball and wears white pants oxiclean didn't remove any of the stains very disappointed
I'd purchased laundry booster powder before, found it scent-free and worked well. I expected this to be the same as bottle does not say that it is scented. However the product is heavily scented. I had to throw it out as I didn't think to save my receipt to return it.
It used to work REALLY well on stains but not so much anymore.Obviously changed the formula.Wont recommend to anyone else.Very disappointed
Product says it is color safe chlorine free and it ruined my sons special shirt!
I dropped a piece of greasy food on my pants, and immediately treated it with OxiClean Laundry spray Stain Remover (believing it to be color safe). I let it sit 10 minutes and then washed in cold. The pants have a completely bleached stain where I sprayed the OxiClean (just under the right pocked on the front of the pants). I'm so disappointed :(
I bought this product to remove a food stain from my husbands bring and new shorts. I applied as directed and let it sit for five minutes. I proceeded to put it into a regular wash and it when I took them out to dry them and I saw what looked like bleach spot where I had sprayed the Oxiclean. I will be throwing this product in the garbage!
I bought this thinking it would be better than Shout, but when I applied it and put the shirts in washer right away to wash. When I pulled them out of dryer and mind you I only dry just enough to get wrinkles out, I notices holes in the shirts exactly where I sprayed it!!!
I pretreated my work shirts and this stuff are holes in my shirts. Won't use again!!
At first, I thought this was great but then discovered it's hit or miss even on the same type of stain on the same piece of clothing. I even had a situation where I followed the directions to the letter. It got about half of the stain out. The other half was faded but still very visible. Very disappointing and a waste of money.
I used this product this morning on blueberry stain right after getting it on my shirt. The stain did not come out as has been advertised.
I bought this product a week ago and used on my son's Guy Harvey shirt...he had spilled pizza sauce on it. Sprayed and let sit for about 10 minutes. When finished washing you could see huge white circles around every spot I sprayed. I'm very disappointed in this product because Guy Harvey shirts are not cheap.
I've been using for about a year now. Well I just used last night and my shirt came out with a bleach mark on the areas I applied it to. I follow instructions to a T very upset, and discontinuing the use of this product.
washed right after spraying and this is how it came out
I used OxiClean on my KUHL D'LUX 90 pants and it looks like it stained/bleached that area. Pants are a 98 Cotton, 2 Spandex blend. Nothing special about the fabric.
Left white bleached out stains in my pants. DO NOT USE! I have never had a problem with regular Oxiclean, but this stuff ruined my favorite pair of jeans.
I bought this product to use on a pencil size grease stain I got on my shirt, I immediately took off the shirt and proceded to spray the spont (the size of a pencil erraser), and when it was done (out of the dryer), the grease stain was still there. The only way to get rid of any kind of stain is to spray it and also put on the powder OxiClean on top of the stain as that is the only way you'll get the stains out!
These were one of my favorite pants and I accidently spilt some hot chocolate on them. I asked my mother what on what product she'd recommend in regards to getting the stain out. She said OxiClean should do the trick. Well... It just ruined my pants permanetly and the stain is still quite visible. First time using Oxiclean products and very disappointed.
Used it on a pale pink Polo shirt that had some un slightly stains. Used as directed . Stains were not removed and the spray caused a tiny hole . Not only useless, it damaged the polo shirt.
I sprayed this on a shirt to remove a stain and it turned it black. Not a happy person right now.
I used this on my most favorite white shirt and it left yellow marks where I sprayed it on.
Have to re treat stains . It is not convenient to treat then wait 10 min. I do not do laundry late at night
I used the spray product on white pants to whiten them. The spray made them look worse. Also then used the product to remove makeup stain from a shirt. It turned the area a bright orange. I'm going to throw the products out!!
Within the OxiClean line of products, this is the least effective. I usually use OxiClean MAX Force with total success all the time. Last time at the store I bought both OxiClean MAX as usual, and OxiClean Laundry to try it because it was half the cost. In the first week of use (about 11 loads of laundry) LAUNDRY removed NO stain completely the first time, often on the second washing, and a couple times not at all. I switched back to MAX and all stains were removed without a trace. Our Labor Day picnic gave me the chance to compare the same stains (strawberries, and mustard) on more than one piece of clothing (kids!) in the same wash. MAX on one, LAUNDRY one one, and both products on a couple of the same garments. Same results: LAUNDY removed part of all stains but no stain completely. MAX Force removed all stains completely.
Stained my good colored t-shirts and that discoloration doesn't come out. I have previously used Max Force for over a year without problems. Now I'm scared to go back to it.
I have used this on 2-3 different stains on cotton t-shirts and it simply does not work. I read the directions and did exactly what was directed and it did not work. If you buy this you are wasting your money
I am totally disappointed in this product. I have used it on tough stains, light stains, followed the instructions and re used it on tougher stains. The result stain did not disappear from garments. Never will i recommend this product again.
My son spilled on plain old mustard on his tshirt that he wore for the first time and seems to be some mud splashed on it. Within hours of this happening, I pretreated as instructed, washed it and this picture shows the results. I really want to give it no stars but made me choose one.
Stained my white clothes leaving yellow stains. Cannot leave it for more tha n 20 min
This is the worst mascara I have ever used. Its so thick I'm wondering how long it was sitting on the shelf. It clumps and flakes off all day getting in my eyes.
It is clumpy and it goes on really thick and flakes very badly. I will never buy this product ever again. I thought it was going to make my lashes nice
this is the worst flakeing mascara i have ever had ten minutes after i apply it i have flakes will not buy again
Very disappointed. It flakes ,it clumps. Have used other LOreal mascaras but this one is a looser for me.
Did NOT like this product at all it smudged and was a real pain to remove.
It is clumps up on lashes and flakes. Worst ever.
product was very clumpy, didn't like at all
I have used L'Oreal Voluminous mascara for years and loved it. So - I thought this product might be even better. Seems people either love it or hate it. For me, it went on terribly clumpy and as others have reported, dried and flaked all day. It was just a mess! I just threw it out and opened a new Voluminous - and am happy with L'Oreal again!
Either this is a really bad product or I got one that should have been pulled off the shelf due to expiration. Clumpy and flakey. Would be willing to mail it back if I couild get a new one in exchange and the postage/shipping covered, to verify which it is. Either a bad product or expired. Otherwise I will never buy L'Oreal products again.
This is by far the worst mascara I have ever used. I think it makes my eyelashes look horible and the clumps ..... Need I say more I've used Loreal products for years and I am so disappointed in this product. Don't buy it. Big waste of money.
Wanted a good going out mascara and this one fell extremely short. This mascara is very clumpy and flakes almost instantly. It is also very hard to remove because it flakes and clumps so badly. I will never purchase this product again.
Worst mascara. The mascara comes out of the tube very clumpy. When I try to apply it it just clumps on and flakes all over my face. It is just unusable. I always end up with mascara all over my eyes and below them. Very dissapointed.
This mascara was truely HORRIBLE!!!! The mascara its self was ok just ok but the brush!! OMG gat rid of it! It was good at first but after using it for awhile piece of juck!! If you only want it for 2 weeks go 4 it!!!!!
Previously bought Voluminous mascara but after buying 2 that were dried out when I bought them, switched to another product. Came back tried Voluminous Extra Collagen. First tube was great so bought again. Big mistake. 2nd tube already dried out when opened. Could have been a good product but been burned 3 times now.
Would love to have my money back.I used to buy double extend and loved that mascara but it is so expensive and doesn't last as long as the bigger mascara containers. I bought the Volunmious Butterfly mascara that flaked and thought it was because it wasnt waterproof, so, I bought this one (in waterproof) and in less than 10 days the whole tube dried out terribly and was flaky and clumpy. and no I did not leave the top open, it was under normal storing conditions. Do NOT waste your money.
I was a loyal L'Oreal mascara customer for many years and recently tried this product, thinking it would be as good as the old gold tube I used to use. However, this product was too wet and took quite a while to get the brush to a usable state then it just deposited clumps of mascara on my lashes, no matter how much I brushed and tried to get it to not do so.... I am so disappointed.
the brush bristles are going in every different direction. This made my lashes go in multiple directions and clump together horribly. I swear my eyelashes looked like Iyzma from emperors new groove. I tried a different brush to try to get this product to work, but it was still terrible. The formula is a little dry and extremely clumpy and crumbly. The only way I could even get this to sort of work is to add Visine eye drops and use a different brush and then I still had to comb the tar out of my eyelashes. Do not recommend.
The de-clumper doesn't work so the brush came out with tons of excess mascara all over especially at the tip and the brush bristles are not rubber for good use. I got the black-brown and it was just a dull brown. It gets really clumpy and dries really fast so it's almost impossible to put on a few good coats. After I tried it out it didn't even look good enough to wear the rest of the day... I had to take it off. I does volumize lashes but mostly by clumping. NEVER USING LOREAL AGAIN.
As I've gotten older my eye lashes have thinned out. So I decided to try this mascara figuring Loreal is a good name so I expected good results. thats not what I got. From the beginning it was CLUMPY and through the day would dry out and flake off. After a couple of weeks it became so dry and clumpy to put it on that while applying it there would be flakes falling on my face. I dont push the wand in and out of the tube, I know that dries the mascara out faster.This is a waste of money.
After trying Voluminous Million Lashes (which was wonderful), I thought I was upgrading when I purchased Extra-Volume Collagen Mascara. Wrong. This is the clumpiest, flakiest, and overall worst mascara I have ever used. In fact, when I use the brush straight out of the tube without wiping the excess product onto a tissue, my eyelashes clump so much that they are weighed down and need to be curled again. What a waste of money. :(
I usually use the panoramic curl mascara, but wanted to try out something new. I use both in waterproof. This mascara's brush is big and full, but the bristles are sporadically placed and very inconsistent. This makes for some chunky application. My biggest complaint though, is that after a few hours, the mascara is flakey. It flakes right off and looks dry! I was very disappointed. I'll go back to the panoramic curl.
I wear contacts. I've worn L'Oreal mascara for years, decades. It is generally exactly what I like. I particularly like the black-brown shade with my silver hair, so I purchased this product since it was the only black-brown in the L'Oreal mascaras in the store. I've worn it twice. Both times it flaked into and around my eyes. Painful, ugly and unsatisfactory. Also unexpected. I'd like my money back.
I've used Loreal products for years and liked the products. However, after purchasing their new mascara with collagen, I began having eye discomfort and realized it was due to dry eyes. I stopped using the new Loreal mascara and my eye discomfot became better immediately! After a few days of not using the mascara, my eyes are back to normal. Apparently, it's the collagen!
This is probably the worst product Loreal as ever put out. It flakes so badly that it pitted my contacts while I was wearing them! After just a couple of hours I had mascara flakes all over my face. But the little bit that remains doesn't want to come off with regular eye make remover. You practically have to scrape it off with your fingernails. VERY DISSATISFIED!
My lashes looked terrible. The mascara clumped together and had my lashes sticking to each other. I wouldn't recommend this product. It was returned to the store for a refund!
Picture on bag shows lots of beef. In reality, not so much.
this whole entire album stinks you want real music look elsewhere kid rock is a disgrace to rock/metal music kid rock better stick to country music tho he has no reason what so ever to show his face at any music festival that deals with metal music kid rock chickened out once already to perform at a metal music festival not only did he just chicken out but he whined and cryed about for months and months on cmts music video countdown kid rock stinks hes the most lamest artist on gods green earth kid rock = the worst of the worst
I've tried this product three times now as a base coat. Every time, within half a week, the polish is chipping off and peeling and, no matter how long I wait between coats, takes hours to dry, leaving me with weird indentations and chips and a less than glossy finish. Very disappointed.
I recently purchased this product and was very disappointed it didn't make my nails and stronger I use a lot of Sally Hanson nail products and this one by far is the worst
I bought this product for strengthening nails and use it as my base coat, but it bubbles on the nail and does not stay put even two days. Not recommended at all
Not easy to apply uneven, bubbles, does not dry nails i had no problem with appear to be chipping - i have cut my nails short and thrown away the gooey product
I do my nails every week. I'm also a cashier. Before I was a cashier my nail designs would stay on my nails for 5-7 days w/o chipping. Now that I'm a cashier I'm lucky if they last 5-7 days. I've been trying different things from CG strong base adhesion, to some other so-called adhesions to UV sealers and all have not been able to keep my nail polish on longer w/o chipping. I then came across a Pinterest page where it states one could make their own gel polish w/o coming out of their pocket and this was the thing to use along with ACI gelous advanced nail gel coat. I tried the technique stated but with water base acrylic paint and my polish chipped within 24 hours. So I had to take that off and went with just a clear coat of this stuff along with one of my dry fast top coats. I ended up cooking some chicken but I had to clean it first and this stuff peeled the same day I painted my nails. This time I put two coats of each on my nails, stayed away from water for as long as I could but today the tips of my nails started chipping and I was able to peel some of the polish off my thumb. I can imagine if I had placed a color over this. It would've peeled right off. This isn't worth the price. It doesn't stay on your nails long. It doesn't hold up to heavy finger work and your nails can't stay wet for a period of time b/c it will peel. Truly disappointed b/c I have six bottles of this stuff.
Everything about this product is WRONG. When I opened it, it looked like a regular top coat, but 10 times thicker! How do you expect me to get this goop on my nails I tried to put a thin coat on, but it always comes out thick because I can't thin out the polish! I don't want to add thinner because I had just bought it. After my one try of using it, I decided to go back and try again. It was so hard to open, it was like the goop dried around the lid! After I managed to take the lid off, it was really stringy. I tried to get rid of the strings but it was sticky and disgusting. I threw it out straight after I cleaned my hands up. So disappointed!
I bought this because I have wore acrylic nails for years and want to grow my own nails out now but they are so thin and brittle it's hard to do. When I seen this I was happy to find something that says it will help them be stronger and well it made them thicker but there are bubbles after it dries. And it took 2 hours to completely dry and not to mention it's gooey and has strings from it when you pull the brush out of the bottle. I'm going to toss it in and garbage and I will not be using this product anymore. Big disappointment!
Not nearly as good as the original. Graphics were good but story way bad.
This movie was terrible, my 2 year old son won't even watch this
: / not good! disappointed with it and it was a birthday gift! too expensive nd a waste of money spent!!
Did not work.Was very disappointed. Picked it up for my grandkids
Great movie. DVD played smoothly. I'm watching it again next week with my kid
Please please please don't buy for your child! The soft bristles break off and will get into your child's mouth. Hence swallowing, etc. which obviously is a terrible hazard.
Got burnt in an hour and it made me break out on my arms,chest and neck!
I bought this the other day and it was a huge mistake! It looked awful, took forever to dry, and was chipped on all my fingers by the next day! I don't do manual work, so there's no reason my polish should chip so fast. After removing it today my nails are dyed purple. I bought the color Orchid Express, but there was nothing express about the dry time! 10 minutes after applying I had to drive my husband to work and they still weren't dry! I will never purchase this brand again!!!
I recently purchased 2 insta dry products. They had to be constantly touched up. Even though I used top coat there were numerous chips each day. I have used Sally Hansen polish for years and love it. This product was a real disappointment.
I purchased this product in a great color called Brisk Blue and although it went on fairly ok I found once I tried to remove it that it non only stained my skin but left my nails stained as well....very disappointed !!! I originally thought I was using the wrong type of nailpolish remover, I tried both with or without acetone , but that was not the problem. So now I have blue stained nails that look terrible.....no a very professional look to have !!!
I'm a huge Sally Hansen fan, but this polish is the pits. On my fingers, it chips almost the instant is dries. It even chips on my toes which is amazing to me because my toe nails will usually grow-out before the polish wears off. I noticed, however, that this is not the case with some of my girlfriends. They can wear it and it lasts for a week with no chipping.
I was very disappointed in Sally Hansen when I used the Insta-Dri polishes. I thought maybe I had gotten a bad bottle or maybe even shade when I purchased High n' Dry but when I got Sandstorm my doubts were cleared that it was the Insta Dri line. The formula is goopy and feels likes it going to dry out soon, it is thick.The brush isn't very efficient, it is thick and the hairs don't help at all, they are not even, like they're not flat at the end some stick out which creates streaks. I love Sally Hansen, but not the Insta-Dri line.
I put this on the night before my morning shower. As soon as I washed my hair, chunks of polish was gone at the tips. This wasn't my first chance, either. Disappointed.
I received this product in Co-Bolt Blue as a gift, so I can't complain about price(which isn't bad anyway). The color, is great! Goes on perfect, has a great brush. Except within about 12 hours, the polish was chipped! Then, I try to take it off and have to do as much work to remove polish from one nail as I do for all 10 fingers with any other polish, plus the fact that it stained my cuticles.I would NOT recommended this product. NOT AT ALL. VERY disappointing.
I thought I'd found my dream nail polish...I bought the clear and it went on like a dream. It could've shone more, but it was ok. But then this morning I woke up to chipped, peeling and missing nail polish! I'm so disappointed!
When I first started using this product, it worked for maybe 2 or 3 days and then would start chipping. But recently I have not been able to have nail polish on for more than a day with this top coat without it literally peeling the entire coats of nail polish off. Although it does dry extremely fast, it is very frustrating having to do my nails every other day, please improve the formula!
Purchased two bottles of this nail polish: #125 Pumped Up Pink and #113 Sand Storm. The Pink was thin and I had to apply two coats. When dry, bubbles appeared. I have never had nail polish bubble before. Horrible. The Sand Storm was very thick and hard to apply. It also should have been named White Sand Storm as color was more white than sandy. Tossed both in the trash. :(I will stick with the Complete Salon Manicure Line as I never had any problems with that product. :)
I've tried 2 different colors and upon removal my nails are still stained 3 days later. It looks as if I washed my hands in dye! I used pure acetone and even lemon and still my nails are stained
This polish NEVER dried. The color streaked & It was awful.
I used the blue fast dry nails polish and it might be fast drying,but when you take your nail polish off your nails are blue, I have tried removing it many times it does not come off. I would not recommend this product, save your money and buy something else.
I usually enjoy using Sally Hansen nail products and bought Insta Dri bright pink color and another blue. I applied this pink on my nails and when I tried to remove it, my skin got stained with red. I had red hands, fingers and nails. The dye is cheap and VERY HARD TO COME OFF. I won't be using the other color I purchased nor will I be buying any more products that are Insta Dri. They are a complete disappointment.
I usually like Sally Hansen nail polishes. This one, unfortunately has made me very unhappy. The wide brush makes a mess on my fingers (one stroke does not cover the whole nail and more than one stroke is messy). The tips wore down the next day even with a topcoat. Fixing the tips just made a mess again. A second coat just made it too thick and it started peeling off. Finally I took It all off with nail polish remover and my nails are all stained the colour of the polish, including the skin around my nails. It was a dark red so I look ridiculous!
This polish definitely dries quickly, which is great. However, it chipped within hours. I didn't even do any housework and 8 of my nails were chipped within hours. Like the brush - it's different, but I like it. Don't waste your money, unless you want to paint your nails twice a day!!
I bought this product and I loved the color. I went to remove it from my nails a few days later because it was chipping and it had dyed my nails blue. I tried repeatly to remove it but it would not come off. Now I am left with ugly blue dyed nails.
color is flat , does not glide on properly , leaves many streaks and is difficult to remove. nothing positive to say about this product.
I loved the colors of this product and bought two bottles. However it is the most difficult to use polish that I have ever purchased. It is so thick that it is impossible to brush on evenly. It dries so fast that there is no chance to go back to smooth it out because it is already drying. I also dislike the wide flat brush. I can't get close enough to my cuticles.
Litterly the worst nail product I have ever used. I have used a variety of nail polishes in my time, and this has to be the absolute. Worst. Would rate it less than a star if possible. DOES NOT DRY IN 60 SECONDS. Didnt even dry in 60 minutes. It came out uneven and clumpy, and the brush was difficult to control. I would never buy it againm
I purchased this product because I was drawn to the quick-dry feature of the polish, which is absolutely accurate - one swipe down the nail, one coat, done! I sealed the nails with a clear coat and was pleased.....until the first nail chipped 3 hours later. 24 hours later, all nails have chipped, some so significantly that the nail couldn't be patched, but had to be redone. I agree with the reviewer who said keeping a bottle on hand for that sudden realization you need open-toed shoes at the last minute and to stick with the long-dry stuff if you want your nails to last more that a few hours. I'm returning this product and am terribly disappointed.
While I liked the wide applicator, and the fact that it does not have some harmful toxins in it, The Insta-Dry chipped off hours after I applied two coats and a clear top coat of the same product.
This goes on great, drys fast, but after one day it is chipped and faded. This is the worst fast dry nail polish. Not buying it again!
I keep looking for a great eye shadow and I cannot find one. This one smears easily, comes off easily, doesn't go on easily. Totally disappointed I just wasted my money on this.
DO NOT BUY. BROKEN SEAL AND SHADES SCATTERED AND DRY RIP OFF
The shipping of this product was the worst. It was broken all up and unusable.
I'm not the first to receive this in unusable condition!!! The seal was broken, the applicator and colors were used, the highlighter shade was was disintegrated into a fine powder and was all over the rest of my items (thankfully, they remained packaged). Gross. WHO is so nasty they would package something like that Have you no pride CERTAINLY, you wouldn't think anyone would stand for that! If anyone buys this, BEWARE. I want my money back! NOW. Not happy AT all. I've had one issue with Amazon in the last 10 years. I would expect much better. You need to find out who packaged this and fire them.
Arrived with one of the colors broken and powder from it all over.
Came broken. If I could give it 0 stars I would. Done waste your money.
I couldn't wait to recieve this eye shadow but when I received it today it's already been used! I couldn't be more disappointed!
I love this product. The problem was the shipping! When it came, it was alone in a huge box with one large packing bubble. It had been knocked around so much the eyeshadow had come loose and was unusable powder. Very disappointed.
I would give this product 0 stars. All of the eyeshadow palettes arrived broken. The box was filled with crushed eyeshadow.
This eyeshadow arrived completely smashed. It was basically a little case of powder that proceeded to get all over the rest of my order in the same box.
Just received my eye shadow palette in the mail this week was very excited until I opened the package and discovered that it was the wrong one. I ordered Mad About Mauve but received Legendary Lilac instead and there is no comparison.
came broken..
I have received a damaged package. Very disappointed. When I opened the box, I got powder all over my body.
oh my gosh are u seriously I can't use this
Again another unit sold with the seal broken and applicator missing
I am unable to review the product as it was totally broken and cannot use it and I want a replacement asap.
The product was damaged when it arrived. I would never buy again.
Shipping was fast. However the product was all broke up when it arrived. Sad to say it had to be trashed.
Came with powder all over the place. Colors are not the same once it is applied.
The colors were as pretty as I expected, well the three out of four that came with it. The gold color was missing along with the applicator. Looks like it was dropped since the clear case was broken. Great product, poor packaging.
I suppose it should be obvious that eye shadow should not be purchased online, but I thought I would give it a try anyway. Well, as someone who made this mistake, all I can say is drive five minutes to the store to purchase. I actually received two eye shadows in the box, and the packaging appeared to be fine, but, well, the product was not. Both containers of eye shadow had basically spilled out of their containers, even though they were still sealed. I assumed that it was because of the handling process, but after I cleaned off the containers, I realized that the eye shadow itself just did not look right. It is not anything I would put on my face, and I have this exact same kind that I purchased at a store, so I know that something was wrong with the product. I ended up throwing both containers away. I did not send this product back to Amazon because I figured it was not worth the hassle, and I figured it was mostly my fault for buying eye shadow online. Bottom line - Other makeup products are okay to order here, but stay away from the eye shadow.
I received this in the mail, not packaged to well. It arrived clouded by the green(ish) colored shadow and when I opened it shadow had broken out of the case and was all over. I was never able to get it right even shaking out the loose shadow whenever I tried to use it chunks came out and made it impossible to put on. It has made such a mess in my makeup drawer I just put it in a makeup bag and left it. They should have thought better about how to deliver it. The colors would be awesome if it was useable.
I bought this because the price was great and fast shipping. I am very pleased with the colors and the way they apply.
I received it broken
Hello !I bought a shade: Maybelline New York Silk Eyeshadow Quad, Smokey Night, 0.09 Ounce. I just received a syrup: Children's Benadryl-D ALERGY SINUS. Please I require the return of the money that is in the bill.Thank you
I ordered this quad with 2 others and when I opened the package It was eyeshadow everywhere because this one had busted open. The eyeshadows were not individually wrapped up in bubble wrap or anything to prevent them from doing that. But luckily that was the only one out of the three that busted. But it was highly disappointing.
You do not receive what is in the picture. Do not buy. A fingerprint was on my item. Shipped quick. That's about all I can say I'm happy about.
I ORDERED GIVE ME GOLD AND WHEN I RECEIVED THE PRODUCT IT HAD BEEN OPENED, AND THE FIRST 2 PALLETS WERE MISSING. THE PALLETS WERE NOT BROKEN IN THE CASE THEY WERE SIMPLY NOT THERE THAT'S VERY UPSETTING!!
Because it came totally destroyed! I was looking forward to using this particular eyeshadow since it's hard to find in the drugstores. I think perhaps some bubble wrap securely wrapped around the make up might have worked better. Instead it was thrown around in a huge box with the rest of my order. I can't tell anyone how it looks on, or how it feels because I never even go the chance. I'm completely disappointed.
Not happy, was really looking forward to using this product on my eyes because of the goldtones, and the beautiful color, but couldn't even try to use it because it was broken and everywhere inside the package, not one color is salvagable. disappointed and unsatisfied. Wishes I could use this product :( so sad
I've been looking for a product that gives me an energy boost without all the chemicals and sugars. I thought this would be it but the taste was really unpleasant and it had no impact on my energy levels at all. Guess I need to keep looking.
This product, along with the 50 others they have, is nasty. Giant discs with weak green tea caffeine that you can't even feel, and then I have to eat 3 of them with all those calories it's like a meal. Who has time for that ?
I received a free sample of this product to review but even free, it's not something I'd recommend to others. Unfortunately, the taste of these chewable gummy energy supplements can't make up for feeling absolutely no different after taking them for several days. The flavor is citrus mixed with ginger but the chemical aftertaste leaves much to be desired. Even with that, the flavor of ginger is overpowering.
I can't tell if these actually give you energy or not because I could only choke down one, not three. These taste really disgusting! Ginger flavor is too strong & there's too much of a chemical taste. Definitely don't waste your money on these!
They taste so gross! I took these before work and they didn't give me any energy at all. So not only do they taste disgusting, but they don't work. You have to chew 3 big ones and there's only 10 servings in this package, which I definitely don't think is worth it for the price.
The Olly endless Energy leaves a lot to be desired. I received it as a free sample and when I got them I liked the concept. The idea of chewing gummy vitamins when I needed a boost of energy was appealing. They are easier to take with me to work than coffee or an energy drink. But overall I have been disappointed with the product.I have used Olly Endless Enery when I need an added boost of energy, usually around 4pm in the afternoon and I felt no effect. There was no increase in my energy level or focus. Also, the vitamins have a strange odder, the ginger in them is overpowering when you take them and they have a bad after taste. I wouldnt recommend taking this product.
If I could give these no stars I would. They are so nasty that they made me want to throw up. Not only that but they smell terrible and don't give you any extra energy at all. Unless you count the adrenaline rush from running to the bathroom.
This product is very very disgusting!!!!
I had to spit the 1st out of 3 tummies out bore I even chewed it all the way. It is so extremely gross!!!! Because I couldn't eat them I have no idea if they work.
When you first put this on your legs it gives you a shiny and smooth look. I bought this oil in hopes of it keeping my legs moisturized throughout the day but this did not do it for me. If anything, this made my legs more dry!!!
bough 3 cans. it was a liquid but not a gel. hard to figure.
this bars are not healthy at all..it has over 28 grms of carbs..so that means i cant eat anything else for the day..i will not buy these again..
I am trying to lose a little weight, and usually like most Lean Cuisine. But this wasn't good. Meatloaf was dry, and the potatoes and gravy were watery. I wasted my money.
I bought this last week and found the product lacking in taste. I realize that you are working to make a healthy product, but taste is an important facet of enjoying a dinner.
Winter and low humidity are tough on my hands, which results in dry, rough, and cracked skin. I will often try different products to see if it works better than the one I'm currently using. I saw CeraVe Healing Ointment on the shelf during my last visit to Wal-Mart. I hadn't seen it before so I thought I would give it a try. The product was labeled Non-Greasy Feel which was very important to me because I work in an office environment and leaving smudges on everything I touch is not good. Although CeraVe labeled their product with Non-Greasy Feel I am extremely disappointed with the amount of grease/oil that remains on my hands after applying a small amount of the ointment. For example, after applying the ointment and rubbing it into my hands as best as possible, I am unable to pick up a cup of coffee, write with a pen, or twist a door handle open an hour later. My computer keyboard and mouse, smartphone screen, and most everything else I touch is covered with the Non-Greasy ointment. In my opinion, the amount of greasiness remaining an hour after applying the ointment is not a Non-Greasy Feel and I believe the company should not advertise it as such.
My husband absolutely loves this movie but I think it's terrible from start to finish.
Didn't like the flick Was a very strange movie....
Too large to fit inside of my civic's stock mirror frame.
Gross
Benadryl has been a life saver through the years for my family. It started with my son and his allergys if it was not for benadryl I dont know how he would have made it through his childhood. Now I have it on hand for my granddaughter who not only has sensitive skin and gets rashes but also has seasonal allergys Benadrly is a product that is effective and dependable fthrough out thirty nine years of my life. Love this product.
I literally just used this last night for my 3 year old! I use it on a regular basis for both my 3 yr old and 7 yr old. I love that it helps them sleep and clears them up.
poor shipping powder arrived open, both bottles were half empty.
I used to be a very loyal user of this lotion. I have very dry skin and it is important to me to take care of myself. I have tried a multitude of lotions over the years, searching for one that actually worked. I was nothing short of grateful when I finally found this product. It was the only lotion I used. Period! I told everyone about how great the product was. Until a few months ago I got a new bottle and it SUCKED! The results were so different I thought maybe I just got a bad batch. The subsequent purchase of another bottle that SUCKED prompted me to review the ingredients proved to your company decided to cheapen a product that used to be of quality. I have told everyone that I can not to waste their hard earned money on this product anymore. I know I won't. Very disappointed!
I bought this with the original formula a year ago and it was great, loves how it worked. Had a great light fragrance that I could tolerate. I was running low so I bought a new bottle and noticed that the light fragrance I liked was gone. After checking the bottles I found that the formula changed and along with it the good smell. It is awful. Won't be buying this again and will be returning the bottle to the store. Why change a good product.
I bought this two days ago and it will be going back to the store tomorrow. I am usually happy with cure products but find that my hands stay greasy. But, I read the label for this type and it said non-greasy and absorbs quickly. No such luck. Very disappointed in thus Cure product.
Very disappointed with these pretzels. It was apparent they had gotten overheaded at some point and all stuck together causing the dark chocolate to be dark and light chocolate. Not very appetizing. I had intended to share with friends as normally they are in good shape. Sorry to say I won't be sharing these with my friends! It doesn't affect the taste but are unsightly to look at. Sorry, normally my review would have been excellent.IMG0308.JPG
The can opener would only cut halfway around the can. I returned it. [...]Double disappointment.
No matter how many times I tried I could not open a can with this can opener. It was very difficult to position and then I still could not open a can with it. I can't imagine how anyone thinks this is a useful can opener. I am middle aged and could not open a can with it, I do not know how an elderly person could have any use for this, despite some of the positive reviews.
I have been using Mario Badescu products for years. I usually buy my products directly from the store in New York or online from Nordstrom. When I realized amazon sold Mario i figured why not order from here....terrible decision! these are not real Mario products. It smells differently from what it should and the color is off. This product foams differently and burns my eyes terribly. The real thing is very mild and gentle, it does not burn your eyes and has a very delicate and light smell to it. I absolutely love Mario Badescu products and highly recommend them, I would suggest that anyone who wants to give the products a try go directly to the mario site or Nordstrom ( they have free shipping). So disappointing to see that there are people out there giving such a great brand a bad name by producing cheap imitations great Buyer beware!
Ingredients have changed and the product looks nothing like the photo on Amazon OR the MB website - it now looks like shampoo (white pearly opaque) instead of the very light yellow translucent product. This now has artificial fragrance which is an allergic reaction trigger for me. Not risking my skin, which responded so well to the old formula.These are the ingredients on the product I received:Sodium Lauryl Sulfate,Aqua (Water,Eau),Cocamidopropyl Betaine,Cocamide MEA, Glycolic Acid,Salvia Officinalis (Sage) Leaf Extract,Hypericum Perforatum Extract,Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract,Althaea Officinalis Leaf/Root Extract,Achillea Millefolium Extract,Sodium Chloride,Parfum (Fragrance),Propylene Glycol,Methylparaben,Propylparaben,Diazolidinyl UreaThese are the ingredients published by Amazon via the product images AND what is on the bottle I already have:Deionized Water (Aqua), Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Cocamide DEA, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Sodium Chloride, Glycoloc Acid, Matricaria (Chammilla Recutita Flower) Extract, Yarrow (Achillea Millefolium) Extract, St. John's Wort (Hypericum Perforatum) Extract, Chamomile (Anthemis Nobilis) Extract, Sage (Salvia Officinalis) Extract
Why did you change the formula I used to love this product and have used for years in kitchen, bath, even at work. I noticed the change (drying feel) with the first wash. I will no longer be using your products. My dish soap feels better than this reformulated soap. Where's the silk and other good feeling ingredients Why do manufacturers insist on ruining a good thing! Sorry, but I just do not like it anymore.
Why the heck would Walmart put huge ugly label on front of all products You can't see what it is and I don't need all my guests seeing the ugly labels on my soap, shampoo, etc Also took almost 1 month to get order. Lost a customer!!!
Why did you change the formula I used to love this product and have used for years in kitchen, bath, even at work. I noticed the change (drying feel) with the first wash. I will no longer be using your products. My dish soap feels better than this reformulated soap. Where's the silk and other good feeling ingredients Why do manufacturers insist on ruining a good thing! Sorry, but I just do not like it anymore.
they shipped it in a bag and the cap was leaking I lost a half a bottle of the soap from packing it with other stuff and the boxes were very heavy to lift in to the house I couldn t even lift it they where so very heavy to bring in the house all the soap leak in the bags andi had no way to collect the soap from the bag but my concern is that the boxes where very heavy to carry in to the house .
This soap is horrible, after trying 2 different bottles from 2 different Wal Marts, I won't be using this again. Maybe I just got 2 bad batches Who knows. The soap would never create a lather, and would mostly just slide off my hand into the sink before I could wash my hands. I would end up pumping out 5/6 times before I felt like I could create enough lather to wash my hands. I switched to the shea butter version and immediately could tell a difference. I won't be buying this again.
The cap of this product had tape on it in the shape of an X, the bottle was leaking and the inside of the box was wet with this product.
Per package, they dissolve in all temperatures. After washing pod stuck to clothing. After 2nd wash, pod is still adhered to the cloth. Soaking in boiling water to see if that will remove it!
i was so excited to try these pods and i threw a load in and put it in the dryer and my dark's came out so faded. i gave the other pod to my sister and the same thing happened to her laundry. we were both very unsatisfied This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I liked the pod cleaning and smell very much. Laundry looks and smells great. Haven't used due to budget. Costs so much more than just tide regular.
I switched to Persil and have zero intentions to return to Tide, which smells terrible. It doesnt remove stains like Persil. Persil Pro Clean also comes with a heavenly scent.
Wouldn't recommend. It did not remove curry stains from hot mitts even after a 2nd wash with 2 pods stain did not come out, the commercials show it gets all stains out, not happy!
There is a huge gob of goo left over on my clothes, and If I don't catch it before the dryer I have a rock hard chunk and have to rewash them multiple times to remove it.
The pods do not completely dissolve and leave a gob of partially melted material on the clothes. If it goes through the dryer, it is hard as a rock.
Gave it a try but when I opened it up I found all the pods stuck together. Tried pulling them apart but they would break. Now I have a mess. This happen to anyone else.
Fantastic and great for getting stains out! It makes our clothes smell amazing as well.
the product is horrible and leaves purple stains. i used it for a total of four times and everytime it would leave a purple stain in my clothing.
The pod adhered to my good pants and ruined them. I will try the solution you suggested, but overall very disappointed . I will never buy them again.
I have been using Tide pods for a while and have had issues with them not dissolving and leaving residue on my clothes and purple stains on some of my whites. I have also noticed that my washer has an odor that I did not experience when I was using liquid. I have to clean my washing machine often to reduce the smell. I cannot say 100 that it is caused by the pods but that is the only thing that I have changed since it started.
Just pulled out my load of work clothes. 4 polo shirts 4 cargo shorts load set on large to find that the pod didn't breakdown properly RUINING ALL MY WORK CLOTHES WITH DRIED BLUE GUNK.
I think that Tide takes way to much pride in their products the PODS are not the best in my opinion they did't get my clothes as clean as I would like the only plus side is they smell good because of the Febreze so no I will not be buying Tide PODS in the future This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Mostly everyone I talk to about laundry uses Tide! I don't ever buy it because of the cost so I was excited to try the Tide pods. I don'd have a good review but I also son't have an HE washer- so if these pods were meant to use ONLY in HE washing machines then please disregard the following: I hate to give it a 1 star rating but I feel obligated to be perfectly honest here and not just give a good review because I was given a free sample. I used 1 pod to wash a medium load of laundry and although the clothes were clean, they had a weird smell to them. I use Febreze and like the smell of it but the clothes did not come out smelling good and I had to rewash. Bummer because Tide is supposed to be one of the best detergents. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very excited to try the Tide pods + Febreze. I was disappointed when I washed and dried my clothes only to notice they didn't have much of a smell. I have used many products and this one is on the lower end of my list. a generic dryer sheet has more smell than this did. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I thought this liner wasnt supposed to run. The one I ordered from amazon was broken so I went to the drug store and bought one and I thought it was part of a track team it ran so much.
Both my husband and I agree this is our least favorite Lean Cuisine. I thought it had an odd smell while cooking and did not enjoy the flavor of the sauce that was on the meat. I will stay away from this meal in the future.
The Green Apple was the BEST ever scent you had. WHY would you stop producing it!
The last two cans I have bought have both stopped spraying when the cans are more than 1/2 full! It is not an issue of a clogged nozzle, there is simply no aerosol left. What a waste of product and money.
I used to use Lysol spray all the time. Then I couldn't find the original scent, and found out they stopped making it! The original scent was the only one I liked!
I cannot use your spay any more because of the scents you now use. Please make again your original Lysol spray and/or an unscented version. If you do, I'll be happy to purchase it again.
Crisp Linen Spring Waterfall Early Morning Breeze Citrus Meadows Vanilla Blossoms Summer Breeze Jasmine Rain (NEW!) They all stink!!!!!! Bring back the unscented spray.........
The unscented is now unavailable This is horrible since I am allergic to perfumes!Also, the spray ALWAYS stops working about half way through the bottle Such a waste, please fix!
My husband and I miss your apple blossom. Why was it taken off market It is the only kind that my house hold can handle, due to scent allergies. Can you please bring it back My husband wants to know if you can make a scent-free version
I have been using it over 2 years but i am sick of it now. Every bottle seems heavy but wont spray anymore. It only sprays well for first 20 spray or so i would say, after that even though the can is heavy and you can feel the liquid inside if you shake but it wont spray.
last two cans of lemon scented Lysol wouldn't spray after a few uses. What is wrong Have used Lysol products for years.
It may work as well as any Lysol spray but the scent lingers and is nauseating. Why did Lysol stop manufacturing the Original scent, I liked the stuff in the old white, yellow and black can from years past.
I've bought Lysol all my life. The Last 4 bottles, the nozzles didn't work. I take the top off and there doesn't seem to be a long hose that reaches into the bottle. What's going on In switching products
After a couple light uses, No longer spraying, Can is almost Full What's up with that
I bought the Citrus Meadows that Eliminates Odors to spray into my trash cans after emptying them. The smell is awful, sort of like some solvent, and then I was left with a combination smell of the solvent scent mixed with the garbage smell. It didn't eliminate any orders and it smelled worse than the original odor did. I threw it out.
Do not like any of the following sweet smelling disinfectants. LYSOL Disinfectant Spray is available in 7 fresh, clean scents: Crisp Linen Spring Waterfall Early Morning Breeze Citrus Meadows Vanilla Blossoms Summer Breeze Jasmine Rain (NEW!) What happenned to the original scent Why did you stop making it
My family has used Lysol Disinfectant spray for ever. However we used and Loved the original scent Garden Scent. The new scents are awful. Please bring back the original scent..... We have switched to a different brand because the new scents are nauseating. Please listen to the consumer and bring back the original scent!!!
I agree with another reviewer that the scents are terrible smelling! I also agree that I want the ORIGINAL SCENT BACK! The smell of LYSOL CLEAN far outweighs my need to smell a nasty 'waterfall' or 'summer breeze' scent in my house! LYSOL Disinfectant Spray is available in 7 fresh, clean scents: Crisp Linen Spring Waterfall Early Morning Breeze Citrus Meadows Vanilla Blossoms Summer Breeze Jasmine Rain (NEW!) I tested ALL of these in the store, including the new one, and they smell worse than any odor I am trying to cover up. The Crisp Berry scent (that apparently they no longer make) was the only one I could tolerate (barely) and that one is now gone. I am in need of a new disinfecting spray but refuse to buy any of these terrible scents. I guess I am searching for a new brand now... very sad considering how many years I have used this product!
I have two cats so I clean non-stop. I love my large cans of Lysol disinfectant spray. I love it right up to the point that they stop spraying with more than half of the can left. Since I googled this and found others having this same issue I felt compelled to leave this review. FIX YOUR CANS!! You have a fabulous product with a problem you could fix. If multiple sticky hairspray manufacturers can provide aerosol cans that spray hair glue in monstrous sized cans that function properly so you can all the product in it's entirety so can you. Please take care of your customers. I prefer to continue purchasing my Lysol but if I can't get my can to spray for more than the first few uses I would be a dork to continue buying it. Thank you for your time.
Unbearable and unnecessary fragrances. Original Lysol was perfect..no need for improvement. The medicinal smell was fine. I am allergic to perfume of any kind and don't understand why everything has to be with fragrance these days. I hope these requests and reviews are taken into consideration.
We have had the same sprayer problem posted by other reviewers . Recently with several 19 ounce aerosol cans, the sprayer stops working well before the can is empty, leaving a significant amount of product unusable and wasted. We buy and pay extra for the Lysol brand expecting a quality product.
Dear Lysol, Once upon a time your disinfectant spray was somewhat medicinal and it did its job..Now, however, he new scent that you are using is making me ill. I am a fragrance lover and the one that you are using is horrible. Whoever chose it should be fired...I'm not kidding..That scent is repulsive and my husband LIKES to use it..I may have to leave home or sleep in the barn...PLEASE return to your original scent and spare me and other noses this misery.
This is the 3rd bottle i have bought and as soon as it gets half way it will not spay anymore. Very very unhappy i have used lysol products for many years and have never had any problems.i hope you can resolve this issue.here is the bar code if it will help you fix the problem 1920080837
Great stuff, but I won't EVER use it again until you stop using metal on the bottom of the can. Invariably, it will one day get set down in the kitchen or the bathroom. At that point your counters will be doomed. I haven't found anything that will take that rust ring off. Not worth it.
This movie is OK for little kids and my nephews enjoy it.
About 15 minutes into the movie the volume became muted and a message came on the TV that this was a bootleg movie. An unauthorized copy. Be very careful purchasing DVD's or Blu Ray movies from Best Buy. They just may leave you and your grand children very disappointed as it did our family.
it was good and fun and I enjouyed it very much woukd reconmand it to anyone
This would be a great movie, because it's about pets. But that thought would be wrong, way wrong. The story and plot were just horrid and the voice actor for the main dog just wasn't good. I was so bored with this movie. I would of threw it away, but I paid good money for this. So I sold it to a friend who has kids. Later she told me her kid didn't even like it.
I gave this as a Christmas gift. When they went to watch it, the packaging was open and the blu-ray was missing.
Movie was hilarious and had great voice over actors
rope a dope for dogs and cats without masters of the universe in that very least a waste of time
Great movie produced on an inferior, defective disk.
Wasn't as good as the previews on TV. I thought it would have a little more substance and be funnier. Not one of the best out there.
Saw this in the theater with my kids. I fell asleep. Story line sucked
CD would not play, maybe that's why it was on sale?
The one joke worthy of a chuckle was shown in the preview. Beyond that, the movie just drags on with characters who never engage your interest.
Disappointed. Wasn't that funny. Actually gave it away after watching it once.
I was very disappointed that I'd purchased it for my grandchildren. The previews were precious, but I was not happy with the contents of movie such as gangs, etc. Not for children!
The DVD skipped. Could not watch it. A group of us sat down to watch it. Ended up renting on line. I brought DVD back to store. I requested a different tile. Clerk said he couldn't do that for some copyright bull. Made me mad and I just left it there.
Luckily I read the reviews and found out that you need a 4k player, to play the 4k movie not just a 4k tv. Didn't find out till movie arrived was written on box so exchanged for a blue ray copy.
Why oh why did they decide to make a much larger roll of this product Now, it will not fit into the built in holder in our bathrooms. We loved this product, but now will have to switch. They COULD have made this change without a problem, as they decreased the size of the cardboard tube, but not doing that has created a problem for many users, I am sure. Why fix something that was not broken
Worst thing you ever made. Us people that have homes built in the 1940's the roll won't fit. Very disappointed!
I always buy the purple but it was all messed up.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tried 12 rolls--had to make into a ball to work---folding back and forth it just crumbled. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This is the only brand of toilet paper I ever buy. I don't even consider another brand now that I have discovered Quilted Northern. It's VERY dependable. Never falls apart. It is cost friendly and now in this time of our economy, it seems to last a longer time. By far, I have to say it is the most comfortable toilet paper there is. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Ultra Plush Should be softer, right What happened to the quilting Only the top layer(ply) was quilted and it didnt go all the way to the bottom layer. I expected this to be thicker than their 2-ply bath tissue but was disappointed. It was thin and rough and crumbled when it got wet. Also, the sheets are smaller than the other brands. I was not satisfied at al. What a let down!!
I bought the new mega roll tissue 12 pack last week. I don't like it at all. I am a Northern fan and always buy it. I don't care for any other tissue. I find the mega roll does not tear on the tear strips. it' not thick and soft. I am very unhappy with it and plan to bag it up and give it to the homeless shelter. Just want you to know that and will continue to buy Northern Ultra Soft.
dont liktet it not strng enouf ro many letter to said it sucks
I ALWAYS buy Quilted Northeren Ultra Plush so I was upset to get this pack of rough tissue. I don't know if this is a cost saving measure, but I'm disappointed.
I've been buying this brand for a long time, and always liked it. Not sure what's going on... there's nothing quilted about it anymore. It's VERY thin and ROUGH! Not soft at all like I was used to it. Not sure if it's because it's the mega roll, but shouldn't make any difference. Will probably switch brands now.
Worst thing you ever made. Us people that have homes built in the 1940's the roll won't fit. Very disappointed!
Its too soft and gets stuck. I got a yeast infection after using it for less than a week.
I bought 8 rolls of this and I believe the rolls are rolled incorrectly. The top ply feels like sandpaper. We can't use it. This was bought at grocery store and they won't take it back. I'll be glad to mail you a sample.
Why oh why did they decide to make a much larger roll of this product Now, it will not fit into the built in holder in our bathrooms. We loved this product, but now will have to switch. They COULD have made this change without a problem, as they decreased the size of the cardboard tube, but not doing that has created a problem for many users, I am sure. Why fix something that was not broken
Every roll is bad. They start wrinkled. Then some go into sheets with a streamer running along the side .Some are about 1/4 inch wide and some 1/2 inch wide. Some turn into sheets with half of the width being only one layer thick and the other half being three layers thick. In some areas the sheets stick to the sheets below. I can't understand why you would ship such a product !!!
I am senior that makes a lot of trips to the bathroom and having really soft but yet strong toilet paper really makes me happy. There is nothing worst than going somewhere and they don't have Quilted Northern Ultra Plush and I can sure feel the difference. To put it simple Quilted Northern ultra Plush is PRICELESS!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
used this product for a long time and ordered in bulk then got shipment and it was different not the 3 ply and strong that I expected I can pull it apart and only 2 ply and I can see thru it It doesn't fit the roll holder any more not sure if I am staying with this product .
Every roll is bad. They start wrinkled. Then some go into sheets with a streamer running along the side .Some are about 1/4 inch wide and some 1/2 inch wide. Some turn into sheets with half of the width being only one layer thick and the other half being three layers thick. In some areas the sheets stick to the sheets below. I can't understand why you would ship such a product !!!
Excellent moisturizer but very heavily perfumed which was not noted on the bottle. Unsuitable for men. What a pity!
I wanted to moisturize my elbows and feet. This product does moisturize but feels greasy on initial application. WORST thing is the odor...it is absolutely awful. I won't even categorize it as a fragrance. This will be the only bottle of Nivea that I try. Too bad...it had great promise to be something good.
I dislike this formula as it has way too much perfume/fragrance in it. It's like I sprayed my hands with perfume and it transfers onto sheets and clothes so you can't get away from the scent. In addition, I dislike the texture. It feels like I have a film of some substance on my hands as it doesn't soak in and moisturize the hand. It just sits on the surface and makes my hand feel like they need to be washed. Terrible product
This realy had a bad effect on my hair. I am hoping it is not going to replace the Color Vive Hydra Gloss line that is disappearing from store shelves in my area. The hydre gloss line is fabulous.
This product claims to be for color treated hair but one of the major ingredients is sulfate which strips your hair color out of your hair. Why would you pay to have color put in to wash it and it all come out
I wanted to love this conditioner, but it definitely did not work for my hair. It made it feel dry and stripped. I color my hair about every 8 weeks and this did not keep my "color vibrant". Very disappointed.
i like it
What a waste of money this product is.. It does cover excellent, but I cannot get the liquid out anymore and it will not come apart so I can try to use it. No matter how many times I push on it to get more out it will not come out,this was expensive!
I really wanted to love this product. And actually, if they didn't package it with that ridiculous sponge applicator I would like it. But the sponge is so awful, I can't even finish the package I have now. Why can't they just sell it with a wand instead of this gimmicky applicator Here are the problems with the applicator: 1. You cannot clean it!! It's just gross, putting a dirty applicator near your eye. And besides, the make-up in the sponge dries a bit and builds up. And then it's hard to get any new product. 2. The top falls off easily, making the sponge applicator even more prone to dirt and grime. Yuck!! 3. The sponge itself is of a poor cosmetic quality. It's rough and it tugs at the skin. Um, Maybelline, you are selling this to mature women who DO NOT need to be tugging at the skin under their eyes. I really wanted to like this. And I wanted to like the foundation. But the applicator sucks. They have a good product. But they went a ruined it with a terrible, terrible applicator.
terrible packaging. Product stopped dispensing after 3rd use. Waste of money!
Do not know how the product works because it will not dispense
3rd time trying to leave a review, apparently is not meeting the guidelines, which i dont get, i am not saying anything offensive. Heres my review: The shades are too Light and Pink, no options for medium or darker tones.
Very disappointed with this. As women age,large pores,lines,etc can be a problem and I am surprised that this product is aimed towards mature skin because it actually accentuates these problems. It looks plastic and settles in every pore,line and wrinkle. Terrible!
Why is there not a shade available for people of a darker complexion This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have extremely dark circles , it unfortunately runs in my family and it doesn't cover them AT ALL. I don't know if I bought a defective one or not but it doesn't work. The formula is very thin and not as thick and full coverage as people say it is. I have tried everything to make it work and it's not happening. I will never purchase this again.
I can't get the concealer to even come out of the bottle! Not worth the money!
Why get rid of a good thing! Bring back the bottle!!Always get rid of a good makeup
I cannot get this to come out. Do you have any techniques that I could use
Unable to get makeup out of bottle onto the applicator. I tried several days to get makeup onto applicator but was unsuccessful . I will return ASAP.
DOESNT DO ANYTHING!!! DONT GET THIS I HATE IT!!!!!
I am returning it for a refund. Applicator does not work. It's incredibly hard to turn as directed and the make up NEVER came out on applicator the whole time.
Do not waste your money. The product did not conceal or do anything it claimed to do.
I purchased this product hoping that it would take away my dark circles and I have had no luck. I am really into beauty products that are GOOD for your skin and I was hoping that with the Goji Berry ingredients and the rave reviews about this product, that it would make a big difference for me. Unfortuantely this product settles into the under eye circles I already have and only makes them stand out more. I look more tired then I did before APPLYING this product. I must say I am very disappointed.
Bought this a while ago just found it again in one of my makeup bags (apparently I forgot to return it) I bought the shade light just tested it out again and it is extremely orange, it's now in the trash.
What a waste of money this product is.. It does cover excellent, but I cannot get the liquid out anymore and it will not come apart so I can try to use it. No matter how many times I push on it to get more out it will not come out,this was expensive!
I was extreamly dissapointed in this product. I was very excited to try this and had seen positive reviews but within seconds of applying it the first time I was met with a horrible burning sensation. It was so bad I had to rush and wash it off.
I really think that the concealer works, but the applicator is already breaking. I just bought this product about 3 weeks ago and use is almost every morning, but the plastic is already cracking and the sponge portion of the product is coming out so I am unable to turn the tube to get more concealer. This is also happening to the dark spot correcter applicator that I have. I am very unhappy that I spent the money on something that has a terrible applicator.
The product is one of the best I have used. The first applicator worked with no problems. The next one broke right off the start, will not put out any product on the applicator. I bought a third one just to see if it was a fluke and now I have two applicators that I can't get any product out to use. I would like a refund and to know what is being done to fix the applicator.
I really didn't mind the product itself. It wasn't a full coverage for my skin but that didn't bother me as much as the fact that mine broke! After only a couple uses product stopped coming out and the top would spin too freely. Now I cant figure out a way to retrieve the rest of the concealer.. So it's probably a waste of money and product. At least for me anyways.
I have bought this concealer twice and each time the twist mechanism started cracking. 1st one I dropped so it could be from that but the 2nd one I have not dropped and it started cracking after a handful of times. I can't even use the concealer.
The product itself is very effective. Went on easily and matched my skin tone perfectly. I will not purchase again is that the last 30 of the product will not feed up to the sponge, making this product very pricey if I have to throw so much away!
This is the 2nd time I purchased this product. The product seems to be good, however, the dispenser breaks after a few uses and I can no longer get the product out. Too much waste, so too expensive. The dispenser needs to be redesigned. refund
I bought this product several weeks ago. It lasted for two weeks and then I could not get anything out of the plastic container. I see from other reviews, that this problem is quite common. How can I get my money back
Spent 30 minutes trying to get this to deliver product. No luck. Got by mail. Too expensive to send back. You shouldn't put out products that are defective. Now, I'm out the money I spent, aggrevated and still need to erase my dark circles.
Please fix your packaging. I love this concealer but am hesitant to purchase it because the packaging always breaks. I have bought a few of this wonderful concealer and every tube breaks. Fustrating. I give the concealer 5 stars, package 0.
1) Don't follow the arrows on the bottle. Turn in the opposite direction. Didn't cover very well. Had to use another product. Liked using it under my eyes though, but that's all. Wouldn't buy it again.
The container mechanism does not work. Unfortunately I discarded the receipt before I found out and I am unable to return the product. I will ask Maybelline for a replacement, and if they send one I will rewrite my review.
I really like the product but when the second purchase broke (the screw breaks and you can't get the concealer to come out) I had to give up. If you can fix the delivery system, you have a great product. As it is it is disappointing.
I've twisted the top for 15 minutes..then tried the other direction...still can't get the makeup to come to the sponge..it's still dry!! I'm frustrated with the packaging of this product. ..so I don't know how good it works!!!
This product ends up in my crow's feet. The twister thing broke a long time ago. I had to pull the top thing off to get to the product - it did not go back on all the way, so the product has to stand up in my makeup box.
I could not get this product to work after the first time using it. I have to take the tube totally apart to get some on my finger from the stem - not very sanitary. I didn't keep the reciept, so I can't take it back.
This makeup was too cakey but did help make a scar on my face from when I was younger disappear.But too much would get applied on my face and would have to wipe off the excess with a tissue. Would never use it again.
It says it will take several turns to get product into sponge...but I have been doing it for 3 min and NOTHING has come out. I couldn't tell if you the stuff was any good because it won't come out of the dispenser.
This does nothing for my under eye circles and I feel my circles are not that dark. Does not get rid of puffiness either. I have to put layers upon layers to even see a SLIGHT difference. Will NOT buy this again.
I'm not aging, but I have under-eye circles and darkness. Color didn't mix in with the rest of my makeup (very yellowy) and this left a greasy look below my eyes. Moreover, my dark circles were not at all concealed. However, I did like the applicator
I love this product months. It is the only one that doesn't cake enhances I also really like the foam tip. However the applicator itself ceases to provide the product to this foam tip after a few weeks of use, with plenty of product remaining in it.
This is ridiculous. I am not able to open the container. Please send new instructions. The font size of those on the package are timy, barely ledgable and do not help.
Save your money. I have purchased this product twice and both times, after several uses, the product stopped working. The micro-corrector applicator needs much improvement.
I had trouble getting the product to come out too but finally got it used it for only a couple months when the colored part separated from the bottom. It gushed out of the sponge and has now dried out. This cost too much for such poor packaging!
Great product...horrible packaging. If yours hasn't exploded, it will! A mess that is extremely hard to clean...depending on the surface. Sure hope someone is listening!!!
Bought this product recently, opened it up and that's as far as I got. I can't get the concealer out of the tube. Is there a trick to this
I would love to say the product is wonderfull but, you would have to be able to get the product out of the bottle. I like the concept but it a no go.
I followed the directions and it doesn't work. I can't get any of the product to the applicator. I heard 2 clicks then nothing.....
I bought this product years ago and should have learned. i can't open it. it doesn't work. i want my money back!!!!
Worked for the first week but applicator stopped working. Very poor design. May be a good product but not worth the purchase if you can't use it.
have purchased in the past and loved it recently purchased and the bottle is leaking and top came off, so not good what a mess!!!
This is absolutely the best concealer I have ever used - glides on easily, great color, great coverage, doesn't crease. The problem is the applicator. After the product is about half done, the clicker breaks and concealer doesn't come out. I am on my fourth tube, and all have the same design flaw. Maybelline - please fix the design!
I guess the pictures say it all.the rating is for the cookware and not home depot.
I didn't like the fabric ...its dull white and looks low quality and even the sheets inside looks dull....unhappy with the purchase :-(
Used it for the first time and completely broke out in acne. This product is not for me. Age 15
There is very little chicken and not a lot of flavor.
I don't even know where to start. Super bland. Downright disgusting. Dry bland chicken (only 4 pieces) Had to douse with salt and pepper and I forced myself to eat it because I can't afford to waste food. Do not waste your money.
I have been buying this same Lean Cuisine Sweet Sour Chicken lunch for many years and the last few times I have had it, it has been a watery mess. The rice is just swimming in water. The sauce is not thick as it used to be. At first I thought maybe I just got a bad batch, but I have purchased the same product from different stores at different times and have gotten the same thing the last 5 or 6 times. I hate to say that I don't think I will be buying this product any longer.
I normally love my Lean Cuisine Entrees. Especially the organic ones. This one was suppose to have 16 grams of protein. I received one slice of chicken and 3-4 tiny bits. The total chicken amount was less than the size of my little finger. I didn't notice veggies just rice and sauce. I think the product wasn't as intended, and I hope the issue is fixed so I can try it again.
I opened the box to find just rice and a few bits of chicken... no sauce or veggies. I was very disappointed in this meal. I have tried orange chicken and stir fry and all the ingredients were there!
Box said in a sweet and sour sauce, nothing about very hot and spicy like Schwan food.
buy every week.........................................................................
I couldn't finish it because all I tasted was sickenly-sweet syrup. I had to eat my fruit cup to cut the sweetness. And, seriously, can you put in some chicken and more vegetables Pretty much just rice, syrup and a few slivers of carrots and I'll bet not even an ounce of chicken. Not nutritious at all. :( Very disappointed.
I don't know what happened to this meal but something has changed and not for the better. The rice is soggy and the whole thing is a watery mess. Nothing like it used to be. The last time I ate it, I thought it was a fluke, ate it again and same thing. It needs to go back the way it used to be.
I am thinking it is ready to use. I did not know I needed to buy more parts to make it work.
I bought this a month ago. I tried vacuum sealing and the sealing stays only for 2 or 3 days. I need to reseal it again. Vacuum sealing never stays.
the first one I received would not work at all and it was replaced without any problems (great customer service) the replacement only works for about 24 hours, sometimes. Most of the time it only holds about 30 minutes This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I cannot make heads or tails out of how to use this product. You sell parts but not what you need.
I have tried to use all and found that none of the containers will hold the vacuum for more than one day. I now have some very expensive regular containers.
Seal did not hold. I buy a lot of foodsaver products but I am fixin to be very disappointed in this purchase. I'll try to seal a 2nd time to see if it works.
I tried numerous times and it doesn't stay sealed more than 12 hours
I did not like the item because the item did not say sealed
We bought this container as part of a package, the other three containers work fine and hold a vacuum. This one did initially and does not even hold a vacuum for a day.
I really liked the earlier versions of these, decided to get the updated ones, as my old ones were scratched up and didn't hold their seal anymore. While they are very well made and easy to clean, they don't hold the air-seal. Seal lasts less than 6 hours ...pretty pointless. I won't be buying FoodSaver canisters anymore. As far as I'm concerned, the only product line of theirs that's reliable are the bags.
I purchased a set which contained this 10C rectangular container and three square containers. The square containers seal beautifully and retain their seal, but this container does not hold the seal at all. As soon as it shows a seal and I remove the sealing tube, I can hear air being sucked into the container. No matter what I try, it will not hold a seal.
I have three of these containers and used them to marinate. they are constructed of hard plastic and every one has cracked which allows air to infiltrate. A different material which is more durable should be used. If this were done, I would not hesitate to again try them.
Tried over a dozen of different sizes. Mostly didn't hold the vacuum. Not worth the cost or effort. Best to stick with the single-use bags or mason jar.
If you are able to get a seal it will last only one day
When I vacuum this container the little button shows that it's sealed, but when I check it the next day, it shows that it's no longer sealed. Also very difficult to open.
After making certain that all sealed surfaces were clean I put on the lids and vacuumed the air from the containers that I used. The vacuum did not hold over three days on either container. The indicator button on the lids even bulged outward indicating built up off-gas from the food (strawberries).
I've only been able to get these to seal once and hold the seal. I've washed all the parts, made sure there was no debris anywhere, it's so frustrating. I love the idea of them because they are clear, and heavy duty, I just can't make them seal.
I have several of these new containers and none of them hold seal longer than 24 hrs. They are not a bad container if you don't need airtight.
Will not stay sealed, can't tell if it's shut tight. But never purchase another one. And when I started this purchase I want Will not stay sealed, can't tell if it's shut tight. Will never purchase another one. And when I started this purchase I warm the whole set the whole set.
after a few months mine does not hold the vacuum. I only use in to store homemade granola store them above my kitchen wall cabinets away from heat sun light. Of all of their container products the only one that I can keep working are the vac seal zip lock bags!
Containers are very hard to open after releasing the suction. The small suction piece is lose so easy to get lost and no where to store that. Also difficult to get the suction going because of the short stiff tube.
When placed in frig, after a few hours, the seal is lost.
I bought the new containers the seals don't hold well. The lids don't ever feel like they snap on correctly I believe that may be part of the problem with the seals not holding longer than a day.
I gave it one star because after abut 10 min trying to get the air vacuumed out it wouldn't seal so I gave up. And I printed off more detailed instructions on how to seal it. Once I have gone thru the printed instructions i will see how well it does and change my review
The only container that held the seal was the smallest. The other 3 larger containers sometimes held the seal for a day and as little as an hour! I returned them within a week and will not purchase them again.
I have been using this set for berries. For some reason moisture forms inside the container and it loses the seal. However when it does hold the seal and I release the pressure I almost have to pry open the lid it is so hard to get off. I would not buy again
I bought this about a month ago and two lids have already cracked. We do not freeze out containers. We have been using foodsaver containers for years. Not very happy with two lids already cracking.
I have had a Foodsaver for a long time, and I use the containers exclusively. I have invested a small fortune in the original containers. I was really excited when I saw these new ones, and bought this set immediately. I love the fact that they are square, stackable, freezer and dishwasher safe. Those are the good attributes. The bad ones are that they take a ridiculously long time to seal. I don't know if it's my foodsaver or not, but the large container takes about 4 minutes to seal......no joke. And then the biggest let down is that they are not reliable in holding a seal, which is the main reason that I use them. There are so many amazing reviews about them. Am I they only one this happens to That seems so odd............
I bought a set of 3 containers about 6 months ago to store fresh picked berries for a short time until we processed them. The vacuum usually held ok for a few days but a couple of times it didn't. When there's no vacuum the lids don't say on and when you lift the container from the top the bottom falls off an everything ends up on the floor. After berry season we have been using them just as normal refrigerator storage containers without using the vacuum. They are absolutely useless as regular storage containers because the lids don't stay on. These are too expensive to use only as vacuum storage.
I bought this a little over a month ago. I have trouble getting it to seal and it never holds the seal very long. Usually 24 hours or less is all it is good for. Quite expensive for something that my old Tupperware out performs. Really disappointed.
I bought the clear containers. I vacuum seal them, and later find that the seal has not held. Leaves me with nothing but an expensive plastic container.
I have tried everything to get these containers to hold a vacuum seal but they only seem to do so for a very short period of time. After several frustrating months of trying to get them to work, I went back to the old canisters (that work great until the bottom splits).
I sealed all four containers with dry ingredients, none of them kept the seal more than three days. This is a shame! the old smoked gray containers would keep a seal for literally years. The new containers do not keep a seal at all. I'm surprised they can even sell these new things And claim that they keep things fresh. You might as well use the zip lock bag. They do not work as advertised. They do not seal for more than two days. The bags work well, The machine works well, but the containers are abysmal. Ever since they got rid of the smoked containers (You can't buy them anymore), You have to use Mason jars.
doesn't work,,,,,,when they work they are great but when they don't work they are just expensive ugly bowls
I bought the whole set a few months ago... one out of the set worked....they sent me a whole new set ...one worked....now they just sit in my cupboard. I dont have the heart to throw them out... I so wanted them to work great idea lousy manufacturing
I don't know how to use them with the Foodsaver. Seems like something is missing.
Bought four pieces. The container will not stay sealed.
I purchased two 3 piece sets just like this minus the 10 cup container and they seal initially and lose the seal overnight or within a day or two. I have washed and dried every single piece including the gaskets and I continue to end up with a broken seal and spoiled food. I would not recommend these particular containers.
I have two of the larger size 10 cup containers that I purchased a year ago. Both have cracks in the tops and will not hold a seal.
Bought 2 of these for dry food storage and the lids require a lot of strength to lock in place. Once locked I used to Freshsaver to seal to container. The dimple would show that the vacuum was pulling out the air but about 30 seconds after sealing the air would leak back in through the release button which did not hold a seal for either of the 2 containers I bought. Attempted to make these work for a couple weeks but no success. Intending to return for a refund. Total waste.
I was so excited when I bought these. I even bought two sets. They don't work for lettuce or strawberry. That's what I bought them for. First time I have EVER not liked a food saver product
I bought several of the new square Fresh Containers 2 months ago. I am very disappointed with them - They do not always hold the seal, but when they do, they are very difficult to open. On one occasion when the seal finally opened, the container turned sideways spilling the contents all over the counter and floor. I will stick with the older round vacuum containers.
I bought this not even a month ago and returned them yesterday, upon my first use. Or should I say tried to used. I couldn't snap the covers on as it said to do, had my husband try with all his weight, still could not snap the lids.
My FoodSaver was working fine until I purchased accessories. I was hoping this was the answer to keeping lettuce and spinach fresher after purchasing the large size bags. After the first vacuum sealing, now my FoodSaver will not turn on at all without unplugging the power cord and replugging it into another outlet. Disappointed!
I am very disappointed. All three of these were melted in the tube an totally unusable.
The product page on Walmart describes this product as coming in black. The actual product is multi-colored. I returned my item and the company the product comes from, Pharmapacks, said that they would contact Walmart to have this description changed, but it seems that they have not done this at the time of my review.
Do NOT purchase Oxy's new product if you have bad acne or are sensitive to lotions/oils that clog your pores easily! The ingredients listed on the Amazon listing do NOT reflect what is on my bottle I purchased at the store, which includes butyrospermum parkii (shea butter) fruit. Why in the world would any product treating acne of any kind put shea butter in it! I suffered with acne my whole life and when I turned 40 I developed horrible cystic acne. Proactiv no longer worked for me so I switched to Oxy. I've since changed my diet drastically and the cystic acne is gone. But I continued using Oxy which made my skin almost a 100 clear. Not too long ago they changed the formula for the Spot Treatment and it had some sort of fragrance in it, which I hated because my skin is extremenly sensitive and breaks out easily with fragrance products. Despite that change, I continued using Oxy. Now with the change of the Face Wash I will discontinue using their products. My face was breaking out all over and I couldn't figure out why. BECAUSE YOU SHOULDN'T BE PUTTING SHEA BUTTER ON A FACE WITH ACNE!!!!
if you liked ALL the other cds dont get this one changed there cd100 percent only good song 9 in the afternoon
Disappointed. What can I say. The youthful exuberance is gone. The energy is gone. The Dance element is gone. Everything that made Panic! At The Disco unique is gone.I should have gotten the hint when a Press review said "Forget everything you know about PATD." Then I was confused, didnt' their name have an ! in it before?I don't blame the band, (hence the 5 star rating and I haven't even gotten to the music yet), I blame the Producer. I have seen this before; that what made the band special stripped away, sanitized by the Producer's vision (agenda) for the band (Remember the Simpson's Poochie episode, "We need to Rastify it 25(?)% ..").A band has every right to do what they desire with their sound and take on a new direction. However, it is a betrayal of the fans to take such a 180 degree turn from the sound that raised them to near Rock Star status in such a short amount of time. This should have been their 5th album, not their second.In reading the other reviews, I see that I am not alone. This band created such a special place in each of their fans hearts that no one dare be very harsh, but the disappointment is palpable. I too, am a fan, but not the fan I was before Pretty. Odd. came out.The album is not bad, just not exciting or engaging. It reminds me of a Monkeys cover album or "A Very Brady.." rock album. It is clear that they were striving to emulate a 60's retro sound (think the Beatles quirkiness as you can sense from the other reviews). However, given that it was PATD, I would expect the most quirkiness of all time, lathered in clever lyrics, which it is not.To be honest, had I known that this album sounded like a Beatles knock-off (among others), I simply would not have bought it, because we already have the Beatles. I buy PATD because I like (the old) P!ATD, I like Dance music, I like the poppy punk element and I like their clever lyrics. THAT IS ALL GONE, DADDY GONE, THE LOVE IS ALL GONE!I hope that the band listens to their fans, and listens to their hearts and decides which direction that they want to go. Who knows, maybe I will buy another P!ATD album again, but for now, I'm already selling Pretty. Odd.
I loved Panic! at the Disco's first album and anticipated this one coming out. I was gravely disappointed in their work this time around. I love that Best Buy always sells new albums for low prices though!
After 3 or 4 separate applications, it is obvious this product does absolutely nothing. There is no cooling effect, the is NO pain relief. If I do nothing, it has the same effect as applying cold therapy.
I keep buying this product in the hope that some day it'll help with the brown spots on my face ... hasn't so far, but I keep hoping... I guess I'm a slow learner. The dermatologist told me that nothing short of laser treatment will remove those brown spots.
I've been using this for around 2 weeks. The box says that you will see a difference in 1 week. I bought this to help lighten dark sun spots on my forehead and checks. I don't believe using the Neutrogena Dark Spot Corrector has made any difference in my dark spots. I am disappointed.
I'm a 59 yr old AA with dark spots on my nose from wearing eyeglasses. I purchased this product (rapid tone repair dark spot corrector) used for about a week now don't see any change yet. I will continue to use till all the product is gone or a fade in the dark marks....hopefully from what I've read in reviews the product works as for me nothing yet...will review again in a couple of weeks .
Was excited after reading such good reviews to try this. After 2 weeks no change to dark spots. I am usually very happy with Neutrogena products but will not use this again, obviously very expensive for getting nothing out of it.
Why has Neutrogena added more and more fragrances to their products This product was so highly perfumed I developed a migraine within half an hour of application. This brand has been perfuming more and more products for no reason. Even the make-up remover wipes are overwhelming. I'm so disappointed in them as they are hazardous to those of us with sensitivities. I started using this brand many years ago and have seen it go from pure, simple and effective to unneeded ingredients that cause serious problems..
I have used this age spot corrector for almost 2 months, using twice daily and the dark spots are still visible. The surface of the dark spots have flaky skin over the spots but nothing has changed. Highly disappointed!!!!
Why has Neutrogena added more and more fragrances to their products This product was so highly perfumed I developed a migraine within half an hour of application. This brand has been perfuming more and more products for no reason. Even the make-up remover wipes are overwhelming. I'm so disappointed in them as they are hazardous to those of us with sensitivities. I started using this brand many years ago and have seen it go from pure, simple and effective to unneeded ingredients that cause serious problems..
I have used this age spot corrector for almost 2 months, using twice daily and the dark spots are still visible. The surface of the dark spots have flaky skin over the spots but nothing has changed. Highly disappointed!!!!
I have asthma and once again, somebody gets the bright idea to make something smell stronger. I don't know if it is the actual scent or chemicals. But after I washed my first load with this product, I thought, what is that smell I put the clothes in the dryer and then when my husband wore his shirt I had washed, I had to ask him to PLEASE change shirts. So I will be returning this product and buying something else. If all of Tide is this new Acti-Lift, then I will have to switch detergents and that is sad, because I have used Tide for years and so has my mother.
I tried the New Tide with the Acti Lift, and I am extremely disappointed in the results. I feel as though my clothing, sheets, napkins, and towels are not clean. Stains are apparent as if I didn't even attempt to wash these items. I have gone through a half a bottle of this new formulation thinking it was my washing machine. It is not the machine-it is the new ingredients. Beware!!! I will not buy any more Tide products after being a loyal customer for over 20 years unless I can get the original formulation. This is such a disappointment.
I've been using Tide for over 40 years. I always get the Tide Free. With my new machines, I had to switch to the HE. I cannot stand the smell and it stays with you everywhere. I have migraine and it makes the smell unbearable. Please make an unscented version!
While the detergent does a good job of cleaning, the clothes are left with an acidic smell that gets worse if the person works up a sweat. I have noticed it on others who use the detergent. Is there any way to eliminate the odor, maybe make it like Tide Original powder, which simply smells clean. Thank you
I have used Tide original scented powder for years..It's all I use, and all that is available in HE, but as alot of other users have stated, Tide does not clean as well as it did years ago..and the original scented Tide for HE is not available with bleach either..
I have used Tide for years, and had to get a new washer, and started using Tide HE. But, I notice on the clothes it leaves soap spots, So I tried turning the clothes inside out, but it still leaves soap spots. This is very disapointing.!!! The washer is a top loading with no agitator in the middle. The directions said to put the detergent on the bottom and then add the clothes. What is my problem It has a lid locking thing on it also, so can't check the clothes while washing. Thank you if you can solve this problem.
I was a loyal Tide user until Acti lift was added to the product several years ago. That is when the scent first changed for the worse. It has never been the same since. It also does not clean as well, especially on whites. I switched to another brand not made by PG but every so often try Tide again. I am very disappointed. You say you base your changes on consumer research. The consumer response based on these reviews should tell you something. No one seems to like any of Tides scents now. Please go back to the old, old original scent.
What happened to the original scent The smell has changed so much that I am going to change the brand of detergent that I buy. I can smell the scent days later when I open a drawer or my closet. Please bring the original scent back!
I have switched back to HE liquid. The pods get caught in the shoulders of blouses and if not caught, the dryer melt them into the material. It took me weeks to figure out why my shirts were wrecked. Tide HE is fantastic and I should have never switched.
BEING A LONG TIME TIDE USER I AM UNSURE WHAT TO DO WITH THE PROBLEM OF DETERGENT NOT RINSING OUT OF HEAVY FABRICS WITH THE NEW 2X FORMULA. IF THERE IS A SOLUTION TO THIS I WOULD LIKE TO HEAR IT SO THAT I DO NOT HAVE TO SWITCH BRANDS.
I also loved the convenience of the pods but I was getting blue spots on my clothes therefore having to wash them twice. Went back to the old tide. Very disappointed.
The pods leave my shirt with an annoying residue. Pods don't melt completely. Leave a thick purple gel on my shirt. It ruined shirts and jeans. Tried picking the gel off and washing again but no luck.
I don't even know what to say.....I have ruined at least one item of clothing in each load ive done. And I have tried every temperature and the pods still didn't dissolve and left purple stains on my clothes. Really thought this would be quicker and cleaner than the liquid. Looks like I'm going back to liquid and I'm upset I wasted money on this product!
the pods need individual packaging. one busted in bag which covered the rest of pods with detergent. they all stuck together and if u pull the good ones left apart, they bust. had to use 5 pods for 1 load so i still get use out of it. what a waste. so mad. already to expensive to buy let alone waste half of it. dont think u thought this product through.
Who was the genious that decided to move the handle that was attached to the box to the lid Once you open the new style box with the handle on the lid, you can no longer lift the box without spilling the contents. Please rethink this move and return to the tried and proven style.
We only use Tide in our house. For our kids, teens, and racing...it's the only thing that works. STAY away from the 96 oz container!! It ruined my whole laundry cart since no matter how I turned the bottle, liquid would run down the sides. What a mess! I won't ever buy this size again!
I have been using Tide pods for about 8 months and I love the concept-- BUT I've been noticing that my white things are now a silver gray color and my husband even remarked that his socks look a little blueish!!! I am returning the 2 bags I have and will look for something without that pretty blue and orange color, and see if I can salvage my laundry.
as i was reading the reviews im glad it wasnt just me who has ruined about 200.00 worth of clothes and bedding thanks to the tide pods that didnt disolve in the washer and went in to the dryer and dried on the clothes and blankets, i just bought a new front load lg washer and dryer...my concern is that your dont use these in them they do NOT disolve like they say they do...
For you out there thinking that you are getting and easy all in one product with the Tide Pod...your wrong....as I sadly found out. Terrible to NO stain remover, dissolve of pod not great and in general clothes came out just as I put them in!
I purchased these pods and can't figure out how to use them. Every time I use them I end up with the undesolved pod stick somewhere on my clothes. I washed my clothes and packed for vacation only to find that the pods never melted and changed to hard lumps of dryed detergent shriveled up on my limited wardrobe that I traveled with. Really annoying. Would like a refund !
The pods never fully dissolve even in hot water. Goo is stuck to my clothes, and once dried melts to them and has completely ruined multiple items.
Just purchased a bag of Tide Pods today to change up my normal Tide routine. So upset!! Went home and began washing clothes. Followed directions to the T and still found that the pods didn't dissolve in all three of my loads (two loads on HOT). This product is in no way simpler to use and one of my towels had a faded streak on it! Sorry Tide, but I would never buy this product again!!
I have a front loading washer have gone through 2 pkgs. of Tide Pods I just threw out the last 4 pods I had left. I have ruined 2 shirts have had to re-wash countless other pieces of laundry. I make sure the loads aren't to large use a super rinse cycle. These are really convenient to use I'd rather use the pods than liquid or powder but I can't inspect each article of clothing before I throw it in the dryer.
stain clothes, don't clean thoroughly, expensive. A product that is badly executed. I have only used Tide in my home, and I am so disappointed in the general performance of this product. I am no longer a Tide user because of the damage these pods caused to my clothing.
I purchase the Ocean Mist pods and was very disappointed. The pods were stuck together and when I tried to pull them apart they tore. Detergent poured out. This was a real mess. The ones that didn't tear did not provide the cleaning power I expected from Tide. I will not use this product again.
I now have three comforters with blue stains from the Pods. I used the Pods in my HE washer and with a family of five I fill that sucker up to it's fullest capacity. The Pods are not for us. They would either not dissolve fully, leave grease looking stains on clothing or even worse leave blue goo stains and literally glue my laundry up into crunchy balls. Such a dissappointment, Tide. Loved the way they smell though!
My wife bought the Tide Pods thinking this would be an easy and quick way to do laundry while running our home with 5 children and 3 adults. Her time is very valuable. However, after using this product we found blue stains on our clothes from the detergent in these Pods. Also the plastic exterior only desloved 2 out of 5 loads. Many of our clothes have been ruined because of the stains left by these non working Pods.
Blue spots everywhere! Today's laundry load was covered in little blue spots - scattered across everything. New, white towels and new back to school clothing ruined. Not sure what to do next, aside from tossing the remainder of the pods I have left. A costly mistake.
I have been pretty happy with the pods and love how easy and convenient these are, however out of a container of these we have had at least 3 that have not dissolved. Which means I have to pick out a thing of goo out of the washer, and I've had to rewash a few items that the goo was still on. Not convenient when you are planning to wear a shirt that would have gone in the dryer, and you don't have time to wash+dry it again.
I do not like the new Tide 2X. No matter how little I use, soap remains in dense fabrics, such as towels, and I can't get it out. My daughter and I both have noticed that our clothes feel itchy with the new Tide. I have used Tide all my life, but I may have to change to something else, since I can no longer get regular Tide. Have others noticed this also
Not good in a front loader. The pod does not dissolve completely and sticks to clothes where it then dries to a hard plastic in the dryer... ruining the shirt or towel it lands on.
I have been a Tide customer for years. I bought the Tide Pods for convenience. Unfortunately, the pod itself had attached to my clothes and did not dissolve. It has ruined some of my articles of clothing because the plastic ended up being stuck to them and even wasted a doing an entire load of laundry.
My boyfriend's mom bought these Tide Pods because she thought it was neat. Looking at the product I agreed. it works well with towels but who really cares what towels look like. I just purchased a new bed sheet set, quite pricey and it discolored it. There are white blotches all over it. Disappointed.
the pod decided to adhere to my favorite night gown, didn't realize it and it went into the dryer and became a balled up mess in my nightgown! After working on it the sink I was able to get the pod remains to dissolve but then there was a soap stain on the back of my nightgown. the stain is still there after repeated washings, the pods work fine on my husband work clothes, but not using them on my clothes any of them ever again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been a Tide user for many years so I assumed the Pods would do a great job with less work. Now my whites have wide blue streaks in them, hubby's shirts have streaks or stains that I can't remove. I do read the directions and put the pods in the machine first. I will have to discard the rest of the Pods I'm sorry to say.
Just like everyone else, I have stained clothes and sticky goop in the door gasket of my front loading washer. A friend stayed for a weekend recently and I washed his white oxford shirt with Tide Pods and it was stained purple and the stains could not be removed even when bleached. I was embarrassed. Since then I have switched to All Free Clear Pods. There is no dye and they are half the price of Tide Pods. I will never use Tide Pods again.
My son once got upset with me because his football uniform was too white. I have used Tide with Bleach for as long as I can remember. I was hesitant to try the pods but I did. My grandchild has filthy white socks. The came out of the washer the way they went in....filthy. I hope PG doesn't stop making Tide with bleach powder
After using this product several times. I also noticed the sticky residue pieces on my clothing. I thought at first it was because of cold water, but it does the same thing with hot water. I love Tide detergent, but am very disappointed in Pods. I won't be using these again unless Tide acknowledges and corrects the problem.
My husband asked if I kept the clothes in the washer to long because they just smelt musky. I told him no and I started smelling the same thing. I am very disappointed because i was so excited that these Pods came out. I will never buy again and will have to waste the rest that I have because I hate the strong musky smell that our clothes has.
do not buy - I have ruined numerous items with blue stains that needed rewashing. New issue is the plastic melted on the shirt and has left a sheen of plastic. Too expensive a product with all the frustration - rewashing - and now ruined clothes!! They need to take this one back to the table and do a remake!!! Great idea but horrible product!
I do NOT use tide products EVER. I received a sample of Tide Pods and LOVED it! The smell was amazing after washing and lasted for days. Immediately I bought a huge amount of Tide Pods. After drying the clothes, there is no smell what so ever like the sample pack. It seems to me they put more ingredients in the sample pack so they can sell more and I am highly disappointed that such a well known company would do this. I am NEVER buying Tide products again!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
These would be a great idea for college students but they melt on my son's clothes and don't come off, even after repeated washings.
I use the tide pods as directed, and I place them in the drum prior to loading the drum with clothing, and I have had the pod melt onto my clothes twice. It has ruined a pair of pants and a blouse.
Even using hot water, the Pods sometimes do not dissolve completely and create and bunched up mess. I do not overload my HE washer however, so far because of the Pods, I've thrown away a pair of perfectly good men's underwear and my hubby's favorite sleeveless tee. Luckily, with a lot of patience and elbow grease, I was able to tug, scrape and wash MOST of a non-dissolved pod from my new pajama bottom. I am so disappointed in this product, especially given the cost. I expected more from Procter-Gamble.
Follow the instructions: pods first then clothes, but there is pod residue like melted plastic which requires a second wash. Complete waste of money having to constantly rewash.
I have found that the animal fat used in the liquid HE product leaves a residue on the inner drum of the washer causing it to smell like mildew. It is difficult to remove the smell. I'm not sure but I think this product can only be used when doing HOT Hot water washes. The residue has left black marks on many of my white clothes requiring rewashing. The powdered HE doesn't seem to cause this same problem. I am now wondering if all of Tides liquid products contain animal fat!
I'm so upset with the tide pods. I got them because i thought it would be easy to just toss and go. Its not that easy. I used them in every temperature as it say it will desolve in all types. Not at all.It was stuck to my clothes and i had to rewash many times to get it off my clothes.I am a busy mother and don't have time to rewash all the time nor do i have the money to waste to replace my clothes or to run my water over and over again. Please save your time and money and don't use the tide pods.
I will not recommend this product. It ruined some of my clothes, the blue marks from the pods wouldn't come off no matter what I did. I don't buy cheap clothes. Don't buy it...
I tried the New Tide with the Acti Lift, and I am extremely disappointed in the results. I feel as though my clothing, sheets, napkins, and towels are not clean. Stains are apparent as if I didn't even attempt to wash these items. I have gone through a half a bottle of this new formulation thinking it was my washing machine. It is not the machine-it is the new ingredients. Beware!!! I will not buy any more Tide products after being a loyal customer for over 20 years unless I can get the original formulation. This is such a disappointment.
I completely ruined a set of sheets, and 2 shirts before realiizing it was the Tide Pods that were creating the problem. The outer packaging of the pods does not properly melt causing it to stick to things, I have not been able to remove the left over plastic. I want to be very clear, the set of queen sheets were the only things that were in the load so it wasn't due to an over loaded washer. I NEVER overload my machine. Very disgusted with the product. Would not recommend it.
I always use tide liquid and never have a problem, but I bought the tide pods because I was moving and knew I needed to travel with detergent.. anyways my boyfriend and I both did laundry on separate occasions and both times left with stains. I, of course, thought he used them wrong and I did a load of clothes a week later and ruined half of our things... I hate this product and will never use it again. id rather pay and use the liquid than have more of my nice expensive work clothes ruined. I honestly do not think I will ever use tide again. Don't buy these people, you will regret it.
I have always used Tide and feel it is superior to other detergents. I thought the pods would be a convenient way for me and my family to do laundry. And yes I read the disclaimer on the back to seal the bag and make sure your hands are dry when removing them but somehow a pod got stuck to another pod and when trying to remove it it burst and all the pods quickly became entangled and so now I have a large bag of soap in the bottom of my bag and all the pods have ruined. This is not convenient nor cost efficient. I do not have extra money to throw away but I guess I made a wrong choice.
I am both relieved and further infuriated to read that I am not the only one having a serious problem with this detergent. At first I thought I was imagining things, but I have three loads of whites washed with the Acti-Lift formula that are splotched with streaks that can only be described as looking like faded mud. Rewashing them with another detergent does not reverse the problem. Not only has this product ruined an almost new, not inexpensive, duvet and blanket, but it has ruined two loads of t-shirts, towels and gym clothes. Fail.
Do not purchase Tide Pods if you value the color of your fabrics. I purchased and used these Pods this week and it faded 2 loads of brightly colored clothing. I am very disappointed because the Tide brand is the only brand of detergent we use and I have never had a problem with fading in the past. Also, we tend to buy well made, brand name clothing that lasts for years. A few my favorite items were extremely faded. Please do not buy this product if you have nice clothing.
I was really excited to try this product out, so I bought a big bucket at a wholesale store. Normally I would try a product before buying a 90 piece package, but I've never had a bad experience with tide...until now :( The laundry NEVER comes out smelling fresh, even with the use of multiple pods and many dryer sheets. There is nothing worse than grabbing a shirt in a hurry only to realize that it smells musty! I have had to rewash more loads than not, and each time I've used 2-3 pods on the rewash. My husband and I are very disappointed! I am SO glad that they've finally been used up so I can go get detergent that works!
I have been using only Tide for 30 some years. I was shocked when I washed a load with my newest bottle and found the scent had changed. I dried the clothing hoping the scent would tone down. It didn't. It is a strong perfume smell that no one in my family likes. I had to rewash clothes in another brands unscented to remove the smell. Why Tide Don't call it your 'original scent' because its not. Label it appropriately and please bring back the original Original scent. No longer a Tide consumer until this changes.
Quite a few loads came out with clothes being stained with a sticky jelly like residue. I found it is coming from the pods. Very disappointed. not sure if I will use what I have left. Wow tide!
The pods looked to be a great idea saving a few minutes in the never ending chore of laundry so I bought the large container because I've never had any problems with Tide. Worst mistake ever! First most of the pods were stuck together and trying to seperate them just ended in a mess of detergent everywhere. Even with that I still pushed on as a single income household every penny counts. Then one of the pods did not dissolve correctly ruining the sheets to the bed set my husband bought me for christmas last year I finally got brave and had used them and like all sheets need to be washed....my first matching set now ruined
I just used Tide Pods with my whites and one shirt came out stained blue from the detergent, and another shirt was partially melted from the plastic casing!! Now I have to throw it out. Thanks!!
: I brought tide pods because I heard how awesome it is! Well, to my surprise it didn't work at removing grape juice stain after two washes however, it did lighten it up a little bit. :(
I've been buying Tide original, Tide Active, Tide Gentle for the past at least 40 years. In the past 4 years I don't know what is going on with the product but it does not get clothes clean period.
I have used tide in the past, but no longer use it. When I saw a commercial for the tide pods I thought it was a genius idea! No mess, easy drop in, etc. However, the same problem happened as in the past. Once in a while, when I do laundry, I forget about it and end up taking it out of the machine the next day. Whenever I use tide, the laundry stinks of a moldy like smell. Other detergents do not do that. I'm not sure why it is so, however it is. I thought that maybe the tide pods were different---they were not. Unfortunately I will not be using tide anymore. Thank you, though, for the sample. I appreciate it very much! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have asthma and once again, somebody gets the bright idea to make something smell stronger. I don't know if it is the actual scent or chemicals. But after I washed my first load with this product, I thought, what is that smell I put the clothes in the dryer and then when my husband wore his shirt I had washed, I had to ask him to PLEASE change shirts. So I will be returning this product and buying something else. If all of Tide is this new Acti-Lift, then I will have to switch detergents and that is sad, because I have used Tide for years and so has my mother.
Up until recently you would have gotten a five star rating from me ...but....Recently I have noticed that the pods are NOT disintegrating the way they - were- / were intended to- NOW - frequently the pods leave a dark blue stain on clothes - however you have altered these pods - please stop. Up until quite recently I have been extremely happy with the quality of these pods and more importantly - the results- right now - I'm trying to figure out how to get the blue out of the clothes - and yes I am sure it's the pods - I'm finding the plastic wrapper (as it were ) in the washer after the cycle is completed.....
I have used Tide for years and was delighted to try the Tide pods. I thought I was using them successfully until I started to notice lavender/blue splotches on my husband's white undershirts. Eventually, my whites have become stained also. I realize now that this is a Tide Pod problem. I used them correctly and any efforts of remediation (using bleach, re-washing, etc., etc.) do not work as the clothes have been washed AND dried and those stains are SET. Thanks for nothing, Tide. I will be using other detergents from now on.
I looked up the reviews here to see if anyone else was having my same problem with the pods, and sure enough, here it is. The Tide Pods gave my white jeans purple spots all over them. I rewashed them without detergent and the spots came out but that is more cost to me for having to run the washer/dryer again. They also leave a white residue on clothes that I ended up having to scrub off by hand, which was time consuming. We have 5 teenagers and started using the Pods due to getting tired of cleaning up detergent that was spilled. Looks like we're going back to cleaning up detergent. Thumbs down on this one Tide.
I used the pods as directed. Pods first then clothes. Plastic stuck to 2 of my work shirts and 2 pairs of socks.
I am a foster parent and have been a Tide user for over 30 years. I used tide powder for most of that time and loved it. When I got an HD washer I started using tide liquid, still loving it. I have teens in the house and having them do their own laundry I found they were using too much laundry soap. Loving tide all these years I bought 6, they each have their own container, 72 count containers of Tide PODS. What a mess. At first I thought the kids were not using the machine properly, So I tried the PODS. YUCK!! We have ruined clothes and bedding. PROCTER GAMBLE DID GAMBLE ON THIS ONE AND LOST! We thru away the Tide Pods and are using another POD product adding a little oxy Clean and are very happy!!! Tide - I'm sorry but you lost a long time customer!!
I put the PODS into my front load washer then queen sheets and 2 bath towels. I discovered a swatch of bleached out area on a new towel bottom sheet. THE PODS ARE NOW IN THE TRASH...NEVER AGAIN!
I am a very satisfied, long time Tide user. I decided to try the Pods, and am sorry to say they are a huge fail. The first thing I noticed while trying to decide which scent to try was that there is no way to tell what they smell like until after you've purchased them and open the package. Then I realized why, they smell like a BAD PERM! I figured maybe it was just the plastic or something. Surely Tide wouldn't put out such an awful smelling product. I washed a load of towels and when it was done, I opened the washing machine and nearly vomited. The awful smell was even more intense. Thankfully the store I bought them at exchanged the rest of the package for a different scent. I figured there is no way the others could be as bad as the Mountain Fresh. Well, wrong again. Awful perm like smell. The store now will not give me a refund. In my opinion, there should be a scratch and sniff or some other way of knowing what the scent smells like before purchase or possibly offer the Pods in current scents like original, at the very least.
It seems inconsistent that I will recommend this to a friend, but rate it so poorly. The detergent itself has been very satisfactory. I have used Tide powder all my life and am a believer. We just got a front loader and now use the liquid HE. My problem is, the design of the largest heaviest dispenser bottle with the push button spout is extremely unwieldy. I thought it was just me, but we needed a new bottle the other day and my husband commented that if any other laundry soap in the shopping aisle had a more thoughtfully designed bottle, he would choose it instead! Unfortunately they were all made from exactly the same mold. And, unfortunately, we believe the designer has never tested his bottle. Anyway, the company who changes this design will get our business. We agreed that there should be a second handle or handhold on the side that becomes the top when you are dispensing the detergent. As baby boomers, we are conscious of the savings in price of the larger volume bottle, but I am not as strong as I used to be and need a better design.
I just finished the napkins and linens from our Thanksgiving Day dinner. I am so upset with the results that I came to this site to register my disappointment. I don't know what changes have been made, but they aren't working for me. First, the smell of Tide Plus a touch of Downy is disgusting--not a clean smell at all. More like cheap perfume. The real disappointment though is in the results. It has left stains on several items that I had to wash several times (with no detergent) to remove. I have now washed the napkins from yesterday three times and neither the food stains or the Tide stains will not come out! I have washed these napkins for years with great result from the original Tide. I have used Tide for most of my married life (over 40 years), but unless there is some change in the ingredients, I will no longer purchase it. Please go back to the Original scent and formula!
I have been using Tide Liquid for years and have been very happy with it until the Acti-Lift was added to it. The detergent now makes my laundry smell terrible- a very strong, bitter odor. It also made my white towels turn gray. My family and friends have also complained about the same problem, especially the awful smell. Tide, you keep insisting that the scent has not changed and tell us to use Tide free and gentle. I do not want no smell. I want a nice smell. I see other reviewers wrote in about the same problem with the Acti-Lift ( especially those who use Tide with Downey). Tide, please listen to your customers and give them what they want. I HATE the smell of the Acti-Lift and have switched to a new detergent. You must be losing many other customers because of this problem. Tide is like an American tradition and you have ruined a product we have loved for years. I am sorry to say I will never use Tide again unless the Acti-Lift is taken out and the old formula is back again.
We have lost many articles of clothing due to the pods sticking to our clothes and not dissolving properly! I've always used Tide and I'm so disappointed. :(
I've used Tide Original liquid for years. Following my first use of the new scent (which I was initially unaware had changed), I thought my washer was broken and didn't complete the rinse cycle. The smell was overpowering - like an old lady's stale perfume left over from World War I. I emailed Tide and received this response: Our Tide Original and Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergents were upgraded to new and improved scents that still provide a great smell of clean. Our new Tide Original liquid laundry detergents scent provides an improved scent experience. Tide Original liquid laundry detergents scent now matches Tide Original powder laundry detergents scent. If you prefer the fragrance from your previous Tide Original, we suggest Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergent as it now contains the old Tide Original fragrance. Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergents scent now matches Tide Mountain Spring powder laundry detergents scent.
Pods don't fully dissolve plastic gets stuck to my clothes. Tried to remove plastic and tore my shirt. The pods also causing blue/purple stains on my clothes. Dollars going to Tide competitor now.
We rented a beach house for vacation and prior to leaving, we started a load of laundry with a TIde Pod in the house's top-loader washer. We were contacted by the owner afterwards that the white sheets had blue stains that wouldn't come out. We couldn't figure out how an entirely white load could get stained with blue but fortunately the owner was very nice and refunded the whole damage deposit. Mystery solved this week when we used Tide pods in our front-loader and found the seal coated in blue slime on 2 consecutive loads. We have been using TIde Pods for about 2-3 months and this is first time we've seen any blue stains. However, we have had unexplained bleached out spots on our dark T-shirts since using the Pods. I like the pre-measured concept (esp with front-loaders prone to smelling if using too much detergent) but current version of Tide Pods are unacceptable for home use. I'm going back to liquid Tide HE and PG needs to take Tide Pods back to the product development lab.
I wash my clothes at a laundromat since I live in NYC. It was nice to not have to lug a big bottle of detergent with me along with a big bag of clothes! I first used it in cold water and got the same results as everyone else....gobs and purple stains. I realized I could not use them in a cold water wash do decided to then only use them for hot water and the SAME thing happened! I would then go home and try to hand wash these gobs and stains out which was a pain to go over every piece of clothing that you just washed! Of course I would miss a few and the gobs then dried and became crusty and hard. I don't understand Tide's CUSTOMER SERVICE. SO MANY people have complained on this site and they just keep sending the same automated/pre-written response instead of acknowledging that the might actually be an issue! I have used TIDE for years and my mother used to use TIDE as well but I am so disappointed that I may switch brands all together just out of principle!
Horrible product leaves undissolved packet on clothing. Lost several items as a result, and nothing fixes it. Lots of complaints on web about this avoid these!
Has ruined so many of my clothes as they do not dissolve and end up staining the load. Very disappointed. DO NOT USE!
I have pics of the Tide Pods that didn't dissolve and backed up my water flow and flooded my kitchen ... what a mess I had ... you owe me a explanation on why this happened
I have used Tide detergent all of my adult life - first powder detergent, then liquid detergent, and now Tide Pods. I've always been happy with the results until just recently. I am using Tide Ocean Mist 72 pack of pods, and I noticed that my nice white sweater had a purple stain on it AFTER being washed, not before. I tried twice more washing that sweater and the stain was permanent. I didn't make the connection to my tide pod. I wash and rinse in cold water and the package clearly states the pod will dissolve in ANY water temp. 2 more separate sessions of laundry, and now each time I wash with the pods, there is a sticky purple mess like gum or glue stuck to my clothes after the rinse cycle. I will never buy these pods again. And I'm a 35 year long customer. I have wasted a big chunk of money on this 72 pack of pods which are now useless and have ruined my favorite sweater. P.S. I'm from Calgary, Alberta, Canada, but the pull down menu did not allow me to choose Canada so I picked a random state.
blues stains all over light colored clothing - third time this happened finally realized it was the pods damaging my clothes - HORRIBLE
I was very disappointed in this product. The pod did not dissolve and stuck to an article of clothing and ruined it. It was like a hard spot of yuck! I was not happy.
I'm pretty sure I received a sample of Tide Pods when I moved into my dorm in college some 7 years ago. Perhaps it was a prototype or maybe even another brand. Either way, I loved the concept and was very sad that they were not available commercially. When I saw a commercial for Tide Pods last week, I was very excited that this awesome idea finally came to fruition! I went to the store yesterday with Tide Pods on my list, but when I arrived at the display, I saw 3 scents, none of which are the original Tide scent. Not only are these not my preferred scent, but I can't even smell them to see how they smell! These scents aren't available in normal liquid packaging so that idea is moot. Long story short: I didn't buy them. Please, Tide, make these in original scent AND give us a way to smell the scents in the store! As for now, I've requested a sample from this site so we'll see what happens. As for now, however, I'm still the sad customer who wants to buy, but can't.
Two tops were ruined with purple stains from the pods.
Excited about the product when seen on television but was a big waste of money. They did not dissolve and they busted in the bag before I could even use them. Waste of money.
i wasn't satisfied with quality of your product as its hadn't coped with oil!!!!!
Bought tide pods for new washing machine....stuck to all the clothes and left a sticky goo on the clothes..had to rewash with another detergent.....waste of money and time.
These little guys just don't work! They don't clean the clothes and they don't have that great Tide smell like the liquid detergent. Tide should remove them from the market.
The pods are not fully dissolving and are sticking to my clothes or the door of my front loader, going back to liquid. Disappointed I spent money on something I cant use and have to throw away.
I used it in the hopes of getting an old stain out as this product was advertised and it didn't work.
There are two things I didn't like about Tide Pods: (1) No visible suds, and (2) the clothes did not have that clean smell I'm used to with my current detergent. I'll stick with what I'm using. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try this product. I have always enjoyed Tide, but I was highly disappointed. The clothes did not come out smelling nicely, they were not soft, and the clothes were full of static cling. I would not recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I had purple staining on white clothes. I can't put the pod in and let it dissolve before putting in the clothes, I have a front loader. I tried putting it in the detergent dispenser but it doesn't dissolve all the way. Will go back to liquid.
Please share where the measurements are. All I see is lines going up and down all the same. What am I missing
I have been bouncing between detergents ever since I got a new HE washer a few months back - NO MORE! Tide Pods are easy, efficient, no measure, no mess way of doing my laundy. The fragrance is very nice and the clear plastic packaging can be use for many kids projects. Thank you!
Leaves blue marks on your clothes over and over again. The blue gel in the pod wrecks your lighter color clothes when it breaks open in the wash.
After the load of wash was finished, I saw that my garments were sticking together, and when I pulled it apart, I saw the blue color from the pod. I had to wash the load again pre-treat everything. I work all week, so I barely have the time to wash, let alone wash a load twice.
I like the idea of the pods however this product stinks to high heaven. Can't you at least produce pods that smell as good as your powder or liquid I had to add white vinegar to the final rinse to kill the overpowering scent. I will never buy again and plan on getting a refund.
I recently bought Tide with acti-lift for the first time, and I washed a load full of white clothes. They are all ruined. They have blue stains that are the color and design of the detergent ALL over them. I am so upset.
I loved the idea of just throwing a pod into the washer....but we have found faint blue stains on several different articles of clothing. Sorry, there will be no more pods in my future. I just hope I can get the stains out so I do not have to throw away the clothing.
A friend washed some of my clothes in one of the pods, and they came out smelling like some strong perfume. It looked so easy when he threw in the pod (and I didn't complain to him about the smell), but why don't you make this in a fragrance-free version I'd buy it.
I've been using Tide for over 40 years. I always get the Tide Free. With my new machines, I had to switch to the HE. I cannot stand the smell and it stays with you everywhere. I have migraine and it makes the smell unbearable. Please make an unscented version!
Was sadly disappointed- undissolved pod in warm H2O left in rubber liner of front loader or worst, stuck in clothing-YIPES! convenience has not served and now back to liquids 1,2,3 :( more recent ratings seem better-is there new formulationhopefully y'all are getting it with as many poor reviews
The pods did not dissolve. I even put it in a cup with hot water to try and dissolve it but it didnt work. The pods were a great idea but poorly exicuted.
I used the Tide Pods to do my laundry. I have never had a problem with them before, but the last couple of times I have done my laundry, the plastic that surrounds the detergent has melted into my clothes. It has completely ruined three of my shirts and damaged many more. I will not be buying these anymore.
As I took it out of the washer it stained my clothes with a purple/blue color and the plastic that is holding the detergent is suppose to dissolve but it never did, it was suck to one of the shirts.
I have used Tide original scented powder for years..It's all I use, and all that is available in HE, but as alot of other users have stated, Tide does not clean as well as it did years ago..and the original scented Tide for HE is not available with bleach either..
I used with bleach on my white t-shirts and they turned pink. Didn't know this was the issue so I got new shirts. The new shirts turned pink as well. I used a different product and No Pink issues.
Very disappointed. Bought large container at bj's and after first use in front loading washer the pod did not dissolve. Used hot water too. The pod actually stuck to piece of clothing which had to be cut out. Article of clothing destroyed. Now I am stuck with giant size of pods which I refuse to use again and ruined shirt. Not happy!
I've been using Tide for years. I've always loved the quality (even though it is on the expensive side) and the smell is (was) the best!!! I hate the smell of the new ActiLift. I want the original scent back! Or, I will have to switch to another brand, which would be very unfortunate.
The pod did not fully disappear during the wash cycle. During the dry cycle it melted into the fabric of my shirt. Will not purchase again
Used in HE side washer and it got stuck between the plastic for the door and the bin. Was a complete waist I don't dislike the pod but I definitely don't like HE washers. NOT enough water and clothes still come out dirty. Back to PODS, they can get stuck and your clothes could possible not get clean. Definitely won't help you reduce water if you using HE washer.
The pods are leaving a hard plastic stuck to my cloths and a blue stain! I'm very disapionted because the pods cost more and my clothes cost a lot. I have been a life log Tide user, so Tide listen up and pull this off the shelf
I am so upset this pod ruined a TON of my family's clothing before I realized this was actually the culprit! I have had to throw out multiple pieces, some that were worn once!!!!, because of big bleach spots. :( :( :( I have a brand new HE washer machine, so I know it is really the product. I switched back to liquid detergent and haven't had a problem since.
I received 2 sample pods with the normal Tide bottle at our local retailer and decided to try these out on the baby's dirty clothes. The second pod I tried left an unused sticky goo in the baffle of the front loader washer. I don't know if the pod got into the baffle right away or what, but I'll stick to the regular bottle of Tide from here on out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Original Tide liquid was the only scented detergent I could use that I wasn't allergic to. This is no longer the case. I have used Tide exclusively for 15 years without issue. Now, the smell is overbearing and I'm allergic to whatever perfumes/chemicals used in the new formulation. You just lost a long time, loyal customer. Thanks for the rash.
I used as directed and my clothes had bluish purple stains after washing in cold water on delicate cycle.
I am NOT satisfied. They do not dissolve as stated. The residue clogged my new machine. The maintenance call to repair the machine because of the PODS made me very angry. I tried dissolving them in a dish before placing in washing machine. the white part opened but the other two did not. The material surrounding the white liquid was slimey and had to be thrown in the trash. TIDE should do more testing before selling such a shoddy product. I will never use the PODS of any kind again.
When using the pods packet, I looked for a new product which I hoped would be a new breakthrough. In washing my whites with the pod packet, it stained my ENTIRE large load, with this red stain throughout. I had to rewash my entire large load once again with another detergent to get the stains out. First I used a large amount of bleach, oxiclean, let it soak and then rewashed. I'm headed back to the store to return the unused portion to get a refund. I do not recommend this product.
I only us Tide laundry detergent . I decided to switch to the pods because I thought it would be easier... They do not always dissolve well and they leave a hard plastic on the clothes ...the pods also ruined my brand new sheets. My sheets looked bleached.. I will switch back to tide liquid now.. I do not recommend this product at all .. I am very disappointed with Tide
I purchased the Tide Pods (102 count) for my HE front loader. The product leaves a slime all over my clothing and gasket of the machine, even when using warm water. I have tried extra rinse cycles to no avail. I have used another brand pod with good results - guess I'll switch back to the other brand. Tide needs to improve the water solubility of this product for it to actually work. I do like the smell (spring meadow) - have not noticed any bad smells mentioned in other reviews.
I can't remove the sticky residue and blue stains that Tide Pods left on my clothes and sheets! Clearly there is a problem with this product and it should be pulled from the shelves based on the number of negative reviews about ruined clothes on this site alone! Tide- you should be ashamed about these issues and offering solutions to remove the residue left on our clothes. Step up and offer some real options for your consumers or you will certainly lose your trusting consumers.
I am a bachelor and use a public laundry center in my apartment complex. I used the Pods on the recommendation of a friend. I noticed several articles of clothing with hardened plastic embedded in the fibers. I got angry at the facility thinking the machines were no taken care of. Come to find out, the Pods were not dissolving right. I had to apologize to the landlord.
Simplicity is how i viewed this product but i was very wrong....The tide pods not only stained my clothing, it left behind plastic on them which is impossible to get off. i have tried rewashing in hot water to see if they would melt, i tried ironing it out to see if that would help. nothing. the 4 bag of tide pods i bought and used ruined at least 200 worth of clothing in my house. i would NOT recommend this product to anyone. i will go back to making my homemade laundry soap.
I am a lifelong Tide detergent user and was excited to try the new Pods. They are convenient to use and it seems like the big bucket will last a long time. But unfortunately, they ruined my sheets and the cover of one of my couch cushions. I'm not that upset about the sheets, but the couch cover is devastating. I have to contact my furniture manufacturer for a replacement which is going to be expensive. I would never use these again and recommend everyone to stay away from them.
I normally buy liquid Tide with no perfume, but I thought I'd try these new pods. Since I could not find unscented pods, I tried one of the scented ones. Big mistake. What a horrible cheap smell! It permeates the whole house, and I had to re-wash my clothes with other detergent to get rid of the smell. I ended up throwing away the rest of the pods after the first wash. I know these things are being sold because enough people buy them, but I can't imagine walking around smelling like this. Needless to say, I'll never buy this again unless unscented type is offered.
Picked up a large pkg of new pods. Looked easy to use. Still had liquid tide left and read label about team gear offer. Went to tide website and saw reviews of the new pods so read them. Seemed like many folks were having problems with them. One lady said to dissolve first, then use. Figure I'd try that before running into non-dissolving and staining problems. Put pod in cup of water prior to needing. Hours later, portion of the pod still not dissolved. First load, added to drum as instructed. Towels smelled as if not washed, had to re-wash. Next load, added to detergent cup ( have top-loading machine). Of course, I removed the un dissolved portion of the pod first. Not worth it. Hard enough for Mom's taking care of families to have to manage the detergent before using. Didn't notice any great smell and they were expensive. From reading the reviews, can't see tide taking any responsibility for the problems. Oh yeah, seen responses where tide tells how to remove the stains the pods caused....what's wrong with this picture Aren't we doing laundry to get clothes clean and remove stains....not get more stains from the detergent we use I've used tide for as long as I can remember...if they accepted responsibility for the problems with pods, I'd continue to use their products. But with the lack of responsibility I see for problems caused, hard-to-use pods, tide... You are losing a former lifetime customer.
I first started using the Pods at my MIL's and boy do I wish she never bought them!! It seemed like it was working at first, but I didn't realize how long it actually has been ruining my clothes. As you can see, MANY people with front-loaders are telling you that it doesn't dissolve in cold water-- LISTEN! I've been finding little plastic pieces on some of my clothes for some time now and realized it only happens to cold cycles that I wash at her house. This week I'm house sitting and praying that the gigantic purple/pink/blue stain covering at least half of HER king-sized sheet will come out! I noticed that the Tide employers had the audacity to not only remind others to not overfill their load, but to not run cold cycles in the winter! Well, 1. I know when to stop adding laundry and 2. it was 90 degrees out that day. Unfortunately I was in a hurry, so I didn't see the stain before putting it in the dryer (but I did notice a weird smell too it must be what others talked about). If PG is concerned enough about dissolving issues to recommend not running cold cycles in winter months (and to always use the warmest water the clothes will allow), then it shouldn't be advertised to dissolve in cold water!! How many people have to report damaged/ruined items for you to actually do something Giving bad advice to random reviews doesn't cut it! I will definitely warn everyone I know about this!!
The plastic from the pod didn't dissolve all the way and melted onto some of my clothes in the dryer. I re-washed 2X without success. 200 in clothing items ruined!
this detergent bleaches the light colored laundry as well as dark colors. I don't not recommend it.
The reviews I read are for removing stains from the Pods, nothing about the melted plastic on my clothes. Tide was the best.... now its the worst.
I have used Tide for many years,and always felt it was the best,but I bought the Tide Pods,and they RUINED three of my fave blouses,and my husbands shirt.Will not be buying Tide Pods again!!!!
I tried Tide Pods with my front loading washer and they don't dissolve. It was stuck to the bottom side of glass door at end of cycle. I would not recommend these if you have a front loader!
i tried pouring tide acu-lift directly on the stain plus in the load of laundry....did NOT work.
I like Tide, but not the tide pod. They stick together and when you pull them apart they brake open all over your hands or in the bag. Go back to drawing board on Tide Pod. Thank you
This product has cost me more in ruined garments then it has ever saved me in time. The product leaves plastic like residue on my laundry that does not come off. Will not use again.
I bought pods for the convenience. I have ruined two pairs of my good jeans when using the pods. They left white bleach spots which do not go away. I will not be buying them again.
No good! Two times they didn't dissolve and stuck to my underpants
The fragrance on the original tide was the reason I used it, and it seems to have changed! I want the old scent back, and have changed laundry detergent brands because of the new smell.
Pod doesn't dissolve completely, it breaks up into many small pieces and sticks to your clothes. If you do not pick them off before you dry your clothes it will become a hard plastic like material that is hard to get off.
We've used Pods with NO PROBLEMS until the last package. Now, we're having clothes ruined by undissolved Pods! We're washing the same way we always have. Something's gone wrong in production. Please figure it out. Thanks.
I'm a nurse and have to wear white scrubs. The pods have left brown spots all over my scrubs:( loved the convenience of them...but has cost me 3 sets of scrubs:( I have also had problems w the shell not completely dissolving.. And sticking to my clothes:(
Please bring back the old 'original' scent. I have been using Tide Original Scent for the last 20 years and last week did a load with the new detergent. I thought it was my imagination that it smelled stronger when I opened the bottle, until the clothes were done washing. Opened the washer and was practically knocked over by the foul odor. Seriously, it is so overpowering and awful, why on earth did you change the scent I now have to switch brands. You just lost a 20 year old loyal customer.
I had used the pods for a few weeks without problems and then today had a horrible stain on a maroon sheet. I washed it again with regular Tide but the stain won't come out and the sheet is ruined. I won't be using the pods any more because i don't want to risk ruining any more items.
At first, this product was great, but in the past month I have had to throw clothes away due to its wrapper not dissolving throughly in the wash ( I do pre-soak, Stain cycle, and extra rinse on ALL my wash loads). The film does nto dissolve all the way and then when I put the clothes in teh dryer, it turns into a hard plastice like substance that sticks to teh cloths and stucks them together. It is impoosible to get out and I have to throw stuff away! I suppost my kids and self on under 2600 a month, I cannot afford to just throw clothes away!!!! At first I thought my kid left something in a pocket, but after MANY washes having this occur sporatically, it came to see if it happened with a different type of Tide and it did not it ONLY occurs when I uses these Pods! iF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR CLOTHES, BE FOREWARNED THEY MAY JUST BE RUINED BY THIS PRODUCT!
I have used Tide detergent for many years and have been very satisfied with the product. However, I decided to try the Tide Pods. I purchased the Pods 2 weeks ago and have been very disappointed in them. The first thing I noticed is a plastic residue in my washing machine because the plastic coating did not disapate during the cycle. Now today, I was doing my light colored sheets and my light load of laundry and there is blue dye stains all over my laundry from the blue rince agent. I guess this is a lesson learnt. I will not purchase the Tide Pods again. I will use what I have for dark colored loads to use what I have left. I sure hope the blue stains come out of my clothes if not I guess I'm out a couple of hundred dollars to replace what is stained. I will continue to use Tide Laundry Detergent (liquid form). Very disapponted in your Tide Pods.
The plastic outer shell doesn't dissolve. The detergent stains clothes and is impossible to get out. The plastic waste, and detergent stains have ruined numerous clothing. Wouldnt recommend.
I am tired of seeing people being told that if instructions are followed as directed, the pods will dissolve completely. This is not true. I've had a sticky residue lump left on my clothes at least three times, (doesn't come off, btw) and now my favorite white shorts are stained with a blue streak. There are times I have to fill the washer completely and the pod still doesn't dissolve, and then I have to run it with no clothes in for a minute to get the pods to pop. Then I have to add the clothes, pushing them down into the water. FAR from convenient! It's sad when you have to check your clothes completely when they come out of the washer to make sure you don't set the stains by putting them directly into the dryer. And the sticky lump will also remain on your clothes after the dryer. Again...how is this more convenient
I have been a user of Tide for over 20 years, since I first started doing my own laundry in college, and have been completely satisfied...until now. It seems they have changed the formula for Original Tide (including Mountain Spring). The new formula smells absolutely HORRIBLE. It is a sickly sweet, heavily perfumed smell that I can not stand to be around, let alone wear clothes that were washed in the scent. I was able to find some bottles of the old formula in a local store (New formula cap says 6X Clean Even In Cold) (Old formula cap says My Tide cap 6 cap) and had to rewash all of my clothes in the old formula. If this formula is not changed back, once my old formula Tide is depleted, you will lose a customer for life. And I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels this way. Please change it back.
Tide pods work great if you are not a) using an he machine, while also b) washing larger pieces of fabric, like sheets, robes, blankets, etc. The pods will become tangled in the fabric and fail to dissolve adequately, but you won't notice until after you've already dried your clothes and the undissolved plastic/detergent has already melted into and/or stained your clothes. And yes, this happens even if you place the pod in the bottom before the clothes, put an appropriate amount of clothes in the machine, wash the load on the appropriate setting for the load...in other words, actually follow the directions on the packaging (which also plainly states they dissolve in all temps- guess that's not true). Brand new sheets, a blanket, and a favorite shirt ruined. Thanks.
Too bad PODS leave oil spots on our clothes. I'm going back to using liq. soap hope stains come out. Very disappointed clothes are worse than before I washed them.
What is wrong with Tide. My clothes no longer have that fresh clean smell. I have used the pods for many many months and this last container i purchased can not be the same tide. Something has been changed in the making of the product or omitted in the making. I have stopped using Tide and started back with Gain.
I purchased only the 14 count to try out. One must have exploded in the package. I had to put what appeared to be 3 pods in the washer 1 was whole the 2 were stuck and looked half empty. I have about 6 left in the pack but they too are stuck. I purchased the Mystic forest, but it seems a little too perfumey too.
I used the Tide Pods detergent save space and time for doing my landry. The pods don't delute well in the machine it left spots all over my clothes. I was very disappointed because it messed up some of my favortive clothes. I tried to re-wash them and the spots still didn't come out!!
The idea of the product is great however there is a base smell that reminds me of the smell of when you forget to empty the washing machine for a day then if your grandma was to spray her perfume on it to cover it up (spring meadow). It would be great if they made a pod that smelled like their original Tide scent...
Consumers have lodged the same complaints since 2012! The pods don't dissolve completely. It effects my linens more than my clothes. It's awful and such a disappointment.
Awful smell. I thought I had accidentally put a cleaning rag of some sort in with my towels. The smell from using Mountain Spring was awful. I re-washed the towels two times and they still have a putrid smell. I threw that soap out and Im back to my wonderful Original Scent Tide.
I am a nurse wear white scrubs every day. We started using pods because they were convenient could be used with HE washer. I started noticing purple discoloration to my scrub shirts undershirts a couple months ago. Bleach doesn't help. Spray wash doesn't help. I now have to go and buy new scrub tops. I still like Tide liquid, but pods are not a good product.
The pods are a waste of my time money! I am completely disappointed with this product. I washed 2 loads of laundry TWO TIMES and neither load looks or smells as clean as Tide liquid or powder detergent. I am hoping for a refund...
The scent of Mountain Spring Tide has changed and it is TERRIBLE NOW. I have been a loyal customer for many years -- only buying the Mountain Spring scent Tide and willing to pay more than for other brands. However, the scent has changed since July 2014 and it is now TERRIBLE. I can't stand it and will no longer purchase TIDE at all.
I'm not sure why but Tide keeps suggesting to use the Mountain Spring scent if we don't like the awful new original scent. Nice suggestion but does Tide understand that if you have a HE washer you must use HE detergent Hello-- they do not make the powder in HE in mountain spring and they supposedly make it in the liquid but I can not find it anywhere in stores or on the internet. If the liquid is really available please tell me where, I've already tried the product locator and it turned up nothing.
Horrible product, all stuck together, exploded when I gently pulled apart for use. If I didn't have glasses on, it would have gotten in my eyes! I will NEVER again use or recommend this product.
I have had the same disappointing issues with the tide pods as most people here. I simply won't buy them again (problem solved). What I'm really upset about is the LAME responses from Tide Customer service, especially this one, product was extensively tested. As far as I'm concerned and most importantly YOUR customers are the real testers and the determining factor if your product gets a thumbs up or a thumbs down, as of now my thumb is point South. I hope to see you LISTEN and take YOUR customers and product more serious.
I grew up with Tidealways a great product, one that could always be trusted. Now I just toss them in the wash,, and go. The past 6 months have been the worst washes possible. I would always just load the dryer from the washer, never thinking. Now I am checkjng for wadded up sticky pods. Who would not trust Tide after all they always had a great product. Next I see coming the down the pipe product line is UNgunk the Pod This would now become next great product, So long, Tide Pods. Call me when you get back, to your old self..
My husband and I have been very loyal tide customers and wanted to try the new POD product. We have tried it for 2 weeks, and now the washing machine absolutely STINKS. We have never had an issue with the washing machine stinking in the past. It is a musky odor. We have tried bleach, vinegar etc, but nothing cuts it. And now it is getting into our clothes. I found it interesting that now tide is selling a product to get washing machine odors. Funny - I wouldnt need to buy that if I didnt buy the PODs in the first place.
LOADS of ruined laundry! Re-washing has been a nightmare and doesn't work. my brand new machine is too efficient for these ridiculous things. I see why there is a 200 character limit!
Please bring back the old 'original' scent. I have been using Tide Original Scent for the last 20 years and last week did a load with the new detergent. I thought it was my imagination that it smelled stronger when I opened the bottle, until the clothes were done washing. Opened the washer and was practically knocked over by the foul odor. Seriously, it is so overpowering and awful, why on earth did you change the scent I now have to switch brands. You just lost a 20 year old loyal customer.
I just recently started using the pods and thought I had found a great product.... But NO... After washing and drying a load of brand new jeans, there is now hard bits of plastic stuck all over them! 300.00 in jeans! I was told to keep soaking them in water and it should go away why should I have to go though all the trouble when thats why I buy your product to do a good job on my laundry I was told they would replace my detergent.... But what about my cloths I will defenetly be replacing my brand of detergent!
I have used Tide for 37 years, through rich and not so rich periods in my life.... I've always spent the extra money on Tide because it really was worth it, and the clothes came out REALLY CLEAN, but lately my clothes are dingy, and not any cleaner than the lower priced detergents. I am greatly disappointed after all these years, and am experimenting with other detergents.
I purchased this product because I liked the idea, but I wish I would have read reviews before I did. I used warm water to wash a medium-sized load of light-colored fabrics. Most of the items came out of the wash with MULTIPLE blue stains all over them. It was like a crayon had a party in there. Obviously, I'm not the only one to experience this problem. I've been a fairly loyal Tide purchaser, but I won't be buying this product again.
It was at first really awesome because it was easy to use, but then after using them for all semester, more often than not my clothes have been RUINED by Tide Pods! I thought at first it was a problem with my college's laundry machines, but it's because the Tide Pods don't dissolve quick enough and then gunk up on my clothes like dried gum and ruin them! So many cute clothes ruined! It's really quite unfortunate because it would seem like a great and easy way to wash your clothes, but it's really only a great and easy way to ruin them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing the pods. I didn't think there would be a risk in buying these, but I thought wrong. The pods didn't dissolve all the way (even though it wasn't a full load) and I didn't notice until after they were dried. I guess I should be thankful that Christmas is right around the corner, so people can buy me new clothes. I guess it works for some people, but I don't think it's worth the risk.
I am not impressed. When use these PODS we either find half of the pod un-disolved and stuck in the water return of the washer or after drying kind of melted and stained blue on a piece of clothing.
I have been buying Tide for over 25 years. I was excited to try the PODS because I liked the idea of having less in the recycle bin, and making it easier for my kids to help with laundry. The PODS were all gelled together, and over half had to be discarded. The few that we could use didn't dissolve correctly leaving gummy deposits on garments and towels. After repeated washing with Liquid Tide, the residue was still there. We had to throw the items away. So not only did I waste money on the product, but I had to replace items as well.
I use Tide as I have a front load washer. I like the product but with the add you are running I wish I had another choose. I will rate the add In todays world when kid try to rule. We need morals more then ever. Your add teaches it is okay to LIE. I can not believe that mother in your add lied to her daughter. If that were the daughter lying would we be so excepting As a upright company you should strive to help with values not tear them down. I get upset every time I see the add. Please think of the message you are sending to our kids. IT IS OK TO LIE to protect yourself... NOT
I washed two expensive Columbia Sportswear brand polyester shirts using a Tide Mystic Forest pod. My machine is a top quality front loading He washer, and the pods are advertised as compatible with such a machine. Both of my polyester shirts came out of the wash a dull greyish blue color, and this tint has not faded after treatment with both liquid bleach and Oxyclean power. Why can't the pods be formulated without the destructive dye They are otherwise a great concept and I have had good results with other fabric types.
I wanted to love these pods - so easy and you don't have a cup to clean out. However, recently I started to get dark blue stains on a few items. And there have been hard plastic-like residue sticking to items. At first I thought that someone was wrong with the washer or something was in pockets. But then it happened on a load of sheets. After a little investigating I became suspicious that it was the Tide pods. Sure enough I look at reviews and others have the same problem. I don't mind paying more for convenience, but now it has destroyed my new Jennifer Adams sheets, towels and some clothes!!
So I googled this problem to see if anyone else was experiencing it and here it is........I was thrilled to purchase these even though MUCH more expensive than my current brand because clothes smell good and it's less messy. However I'm finding a white residue on many of my clothes and then I found the pod skin sticking to clothes. Rewashing everything and ruined clothes do not save me or time. I have started just snipping pod with scissors and squeezing it under water while filling to get all the stuff out and discarding the pod skin - I will not put the pod in my washer. I'll be using what I have and moving back to my old brand and hope they resolve this issue.
I want the regular good smelling, hard working Tide back. I sniffed all over my kitchen to find that cheap Borax smell that my mother used to clean with only to find that it was coming from my washer and was somehow tied to your Acti-Lift. I HATED that smell growing up and now it is fuming everything I wear. So i vowed never to grab that again only to find it is in EVERY product you make including my Sports soap that I use for running clothes! What sort of stain do you think i get running 10 miles I do not need acti-lift i need febreeze which now smells like Borax. Thanks but no thanks...searching for new laundry soap!!!
Let me re-cap quickly. Tide pods destroyed 3 different sets of costly (thanks for the dis-coloring), basketball uniforms (thanks for the blue stains all over them) that I can't replace, countless number of socks, t-shirts, and miscellaneous clothes. I feel like such a fool for trusting Tide and even more of a fool for not realizing how much it was destroying. I will never ever buy a Tide or PG product again. These items don't dissolve and please, Tide, don't respond with your canned messages on tips that I should wash in warmer water when it's cold - I live in Southern California for gosh sakes and you indicate on your package that it WILL DISSOLVE. Not true.
The product leaves heavy plastic and glue-like stains and purple/blue residue when washing dark clothes or light cycles. I'm not sure why, but the product doesn't seem to break down completely and adheres to clothing. I had one brand new sweater ruined (we weren't sure what it was)... and now have realized after two more episodes that it is the pods. We like the ease of use, and 90 of the time the product worked well. However, as we can't afford to have our detergent ruin expensive clothing, we are not going to buy the product anymore. Message to Tide... fix this stuff. It isn't worth the hit your customers are taking because the product wasn't fully tested.
I typically love Tide products but this detergent leaves me very disappointed in the lack of quality that I come to expect from Tide. I recently removed a load of laundry from the dryer, only to find that the pod did not dissolve in the washer like it is expected to do and was instead melted to my pillow cases, which were also discolored! I always wash my clothing in warm water so I am at a loss as to how this could have happened. I was unsuccessful in my many attempts to remove the product... If anyone has any ideas as to how I might be able to get this off, I would very much appreciate your ideas because these pillowcases were not cheap. Very Disappointed!!
This is an awful product - Stained and ruined my favorite white shirt - Not the first time . Never buy !!!!!!!!!
Pods DO NOT Dissolve. 1st time user and last time. Our first use and all our laundry is BLUE with sticky residue...very disappointed.
tried the tide pods, found that when i went to use some of the pods were stuck together.when i went to separate they started to leak.
Got an allergic rash from tides new scent! Sorry, but after years of using tide, I will now change to non-tide products!
I put tide directly on my work pants and it did not take the stains out.
Sometimes the Pods stain the clothes permanently! Before I figured it out they ruined several pieces of my clothing. I finally did a search to see if others had problems like me and found many, so buyer BEWARE!
I think this might work okay in a top load machine..but doesn't have any place to go but on the clothes in a front load....stains and detergent left on my clothes....not enough water in front load to rinse it
Tide Pods turn all my white arm pits purple and cannot remove them. Tried bleach, peroxide.
I tried Tide Pods because my sister loves them. I am not impressed. They don't dissolved and have ruined some of my husband's nice dress shirts. I am going to go back to my old laundry detergent which by the way isn't even a Tide product. Very disappointed.
I was hoping for a better product But the Tide Pods have more advertaising than quality, did not do a better cleaning, no good smell after drying, and no fom in the machine!! maybe if I put 5 or 6 of them, so it would be very expensive to do the laundry!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
We absolutely love this concept no dripping , no measuring, and time saving. LOVE LOVE . This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very hard to use when doing smaller loads of laundry as the pod is pre measured and more suited towards a full load ...
I dont like this product at all. Didnt dissolve and ruined brand new nautica sweater in HE machine because the outer shell went all over the bottom of sweater. Wish I could return for refund.
Followed instructions, but at end of wash cycle, most of the product hadn't dissolved, blue goo all over the washer gasket, and had to run wash cycle again! I had high hopes, but was disappointed.
I bought a small bag to Tide Pods because I was curious about the product. Much to my dismay, my clothes stunk to high heaven after washing them with this product. I actually had to make a special trip to the store to buy a box of your tried and true Tide Plus Bleach Powder to rewash the entire load. Awful product, never again!
I dissolved these in hot and cold laundry before adding it in the washer. I never overfill my washer. I have had to throw away clothes and sheets away due to purple/blue tinted stains.
After using the Pods I kept noticing a plastic coating on a couple items of clothing. I realized it was the plastic coating from the pod that had melted onto the clothing. Everytime I used them I would find at least one item of clothing with the plastic coating melted onto the clothing. I have always used Tide but will go back to the liquid.
they started leaking and i lost almost the whole container. i purchased the largest container and as a single dad i cant afford to lose all my laundry soap. i have used tide my whole life. not very happy
This product does not dissolve and leaves blue spots on my white clothes. I didn't notice that the pod didn't dissolve until folding my clothes (after putting them through the dryer). The blue spots partially came out when I washed them again in water, but I was very disappointed in the product. I'm returning them and buying a different brand.
I'm into Tide, always have been. I grew up poor and still am poor, at 54 years old, but have always spent the extra money on Tide. I was very excited to check out the new pod but please believe this consumer when i tell you the pod does not dissolve good, it is destroying clothes and it is hurting the Tide name. Please dont let that happen.
I put the Tide pod in first and then loaded my sons clothes in the washer. After drying, I noticed hard dried melted plastic-like spots all over his clothes.
Unfortunately the first time I used it was on my sheets and now they are stained. It looks like someone put some dark blue die into the wash with them.
Tide PODS have ruined my daughter's school uniforms, my husband's work clothes, and my maternity clothes. I will never use these again and would rather use the cheap powder soap before using any Tide product again.
I HAVE BEEN USING FREE AND CLEAR PRODUCTS FOR YEARS. TRIED THIS FREE SAMPLE, CAN'T GET THE SMELL OUT OF MY HOUSE. HAD TO REWASH THE CLOTHES AND THAT IS SAD BECAUSE I HATE WASTING WATER.
I've found undissolved pods on both my clothes and / or the washing machine drain, after warm and cold washes, normal and delicate cycles, on a front-load washer.
I followed directions exactly, putting 1 (or 2 for XL loads) in my washer before putting in my clothes. So far, they have left blue and orange marks on a bath mat, an expensive shirt, and bedsheets.
I have used tide for years and always been a huge fan of the Mountain spring fragrance. A few days ago, I bought a new bottle and noticed it had Acitlift in the name.....OH MY GOSH!!! smells like Off mosquito spray in my clothes. I HATE it! It cleans great, but the smell is horrible. I'm switching detergents!!
I buy tide pods every month to do my clothes in and this month when doing my clothes then drying them ive noticed blue stains in my daughters clothes then tonight i washed her new bed set witch her sheets are white with flowers well the tide pods stained her sheets with blue spots everywhere and i know i didnt wash to much cause it was only a toddler bed set two small sheets and a small blanket im very upset with tide and im about to change from buying tide to something else cause of this
Tonight I reached in to the Tide container to pull out a Pod for a load of laundry I was about to start and I found a gooey, sticky mess. Apparently, some of the Pods had melted and leaked. If that wasn't enough, the remaining Pods are all stuck together. There is no way I'm going to get them apart without breaking more. My laundry room is in the basement which is the coolest area in my house and it's only May. Can't imagine what I would find in August. Luckily, I won't be buying them again so I won't be finding out.
I bought Tide Pods for use on vacation as a convenience. The first time I used them I found a bluish slime on a pair of khaki shorts. I thought maybe I had left something in the pocket. Then, after washing a very expensive set of white sheets, I found the same blue stains all over them. Then read the reviews. I even tried putting a pod in a pan of boiling water to see just how hot it would need to be to dissolve. After 5 minutes in a rolling boil there was still blue plastic residue on a spoon. Would never buy again!
I have one of these pods going in my front loader machine right now. The whole house smells like perfume and it's not pleasant! This one is Mystic Forest. Why don't they make a choice of the original scent I've always used that in the liquid and it is great if a little messy. I wanted to try the new Pods, but will definitely go back to the old standby with original scent that doesn't smell up the entire house!
For decades Tide Original Scent was the only detergent that did not aggravate my sensitive skin allergies...now that you have changed it, I can no longer use it as it now causes my skin allergy symptoms to flare up, and I also greatly dislike the new fragrance. I am now forced to hunt down a replacement detergent. Please bring back the old formula and fragrance! Sincerely, Nissa
I always seem to use too much tide in my laundry and my clothes smell waay to strong. I was excited about the Pods because I could better control how much detergent to use. Anyways I bought the Tide Pods and the next day went to use them and they were all melted together and when I tried to take some apart that were lose a Pod squirted on my brand new pants and after washing the pants twice there is a huge stain on them from the Pods. I am so bummed but I will just have to stick to the liquid soap from now on...
I haven't used Tide in awhile and usually buy free detergent when I do use it, but I wanted to give these cool Pods a try. I can definitely smell the scent when it is washing, but don't notice much once it is out of the dryer. What I do notice is that my clothes are getting stained with the blue from the Pod!!! Not pleased at all. Would love to know what, if anything I might be doing that is wrong. All of the kids shorts have stains as well as hubby's work shirt. Didn't notice until after everything was out of the dryer, but I am going to try to re-wash (with a different detergent) to save these clothes.
When I first purchased Tide Pods I was soooo happy with them and loved the idea of just being able to pop them in the washer and not have to mess with liquid ever again. WRONG! After about the 5th or 6th time of purchasing them I have noticed that they adhere to my clothing and if you don't catch it before you put it in the dryer it leaves stains. AND... the last few times I have found the coating on the rubber strip around the inside of the door. ( I have a front loader) This has happened whether I use hot or cold water, small loads or large loads. I LOVE the idea of pods sooooo please, please keep testing!!!
I bought this Tide bottle the other day and hard as I try cannot get the darn thing open. Removed the seal, but all of it didn't come off...came off in pieces, and I cannot get the remainder of the plastic seal off the bottle cap. I am so frustrated I am ready to throw the thing against the wall and stomp on it. My last resort is to punch a hole in the bottle and transfer the contents to another laundry bottle, which will NOT be Tide. If Tide can't do a better job of packaging their liquid laundry detergent I will NEVER buy Tide or any of their products again.
I have always used tide laundry detergent because I Love it. I decided to try the tide pods 90 pac. I used them and noticed that it didn't dissolve all the way so i re washed my laundry and it was fine. The next load i did i made sure i put in less laundry thinking that would help, but again it didn't dissolve all the way leaving blue and white slimy detergent and plastic on my clothes. I won't ever use tide pods again. I would really like to be reimbursed so I can buy regular detergent that won't ruin my laundry!!!!!
I decided to try the pods to see if they work. The plastic that house the ingredient do not desolve completely. It leaves some of the detergent on the clothes. Then you have to rewash the clothes again. Which causes you to spend more time washing. Wen its should save you time. I guess I have to go back to using the liquid detergent and throw away the rest of the pods that I have left. This is just wasted money for a consumer. Maybe you guys need to take another look at the plastic that you are using for the detergent.
I bought the Tide Pods because of the ease of use and hoped it would get my husbands nasty work clothes clean the first time being washed. He works outside in the AZ heat. After 1/2 of the package of pods was gone he asked me if I left the clothes in the washer too long. Not in AZ, things mildew really fast. He said his clothes stink after just a few minutes of sweating. Well its the Tide Pods that stink. Everything smells like mildew. NASTY. The clothes were cleaner but can't take the smell. Will not buy again and will not recommend them to friends. Off to wash all the clothes again with something else!
I am a very Loyal Tide Customer. This product does not dissolve quickly! This product leaves Your clothes stained with a purplish streak
I tried the Tide pods thinking that they would be an easy way to do laundry since I wouldn't have to carry a heavy bottle around. Instead the tide pod did not dissolve completely and stuck to my clothes. I washed my clothes a second time in the laundry room in my building and it still didn't come out. I ended up having to take my clothes home and use my heavy duty washer at home, with an extra spin cycle to get it out. One shirt was completely ruined after all this. I would never recommend this product to anyone.
Last 5 months 3 leaking containers, seams, feet, thin walls, plastic scrap in spigot. Lost half or more detergent, big messes to clean. Can't afford to buy Tide and lose half due to poor packaging.
I loved the idea of only putting one thing in my laundry (I was using liquid with a detergent booster) but the PODs or not dissloving. Some loads go well but in most I find the plastic stuck to a piece of clothing and sometimes the blue detergent is left too. It then takes washing it a few times to get it out and if I don't catch it and the plastic goes through the dryer, its very hard to get off. I have tried hot and cold water, putting it in first with water running before putting clothes in and putting less clothes in, but nothing seems to help. Hopefully they can continue to improve the product...
I was loving these pods for my home and business until all of our white towels started turning light purple. All of my white exercise shirts and shorts developed purple stains on them and I've had to throw them out! I've probably lost close to 500 in clothing because of these pods. I'm not sure if my color clothes are stained or not. Either way, such a shock that such a trusted household name allows this to happen! We've used Tide since I was a kid. No more until they resolve this truly unnecessary problem.
I have just read through a lot of the postings here, and the responses from TIDE customer service. I am not sure what is going on - my pods are kept cool and dry, are not stuck, broken or damaged in any way. I have used them on cold water, warm and hot washes - and they still do not completely dissolve - instead they get trapped in the door of the front loader, and then stick to laundry as I am trying to take it out! I have used them on a full, half and EMPTY wash - no difference. They still do not completely dissolve. They smell great in the container - however there is absolutely no scent when my laundry is completed - probably because they are not dissolving properly. The concept is great - however the damage and inconvenience of having to rewash laundry, clean out the seal where the pods have got stuck are considerable, when all I was trying to do was avoid the residue that is found after pouring liquid detergent into the cup. I will stick with liquid detergent, and try another brand. Very disappointed.
Cannot review...pods sample arrived split, a mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I only use TIDE. The pods however didn't dissolve and clogged my plumbing. I am back to TIDE liquid. :) cb This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have ruined clothes by insanely using the pods again and again hoping for better results. This product leaves a blue plastic residue on whichever article of clothings rests near the pack.
Convenient - yes, but it left gooey purple stuff on several items of clothing, including a brand new sweater, dress pants and a sheet. Will not buy anymore, nor use the ones I have left.
I was excited to try the pod but as I was taking clothes from the washer after the cycle - I noticed some of them had undissolved soap on them. They had to be re-rinsed. I've never experienced this with liquid detergent This review was collected as part of a promotion.
For the life of me, I cannot read the guide in the lid for which mark, for what size load I'm washing. PLEASE come up with something different .
I hate this stupid new original scent.I would rather take out the trash than to smell this (trash).If you decide to buy this make sure your nose is dead.Brig back og tide if you know what im saying
my tide pods burst in the bag that it came in and i'm not satify all but 4 was good and i brought the bag that had 14 in them and i use tide all the time so for me to continue to use tide i would like that the pods in bust in the bag
DO NOT USE on light colors. It discolored my clothing. Very expensive, brand new clothing. It is okay to use on dark dark colors but it leaves stains on my lights. It stained blue streaks. Ive been using Tide for years, never had a problem. Then I decided to try Tide Pods. Big mistake. I will be looking for the receipt to return. NEVER AGAIN.
I am a college student who is forced to live in a budget - I thought Tide pods would be a great convenience to me. It turns out they only made my life more difficult - they ruined three of my shirts and one of my bras with the sticky blue residue that does not come off when I try to stain wash it. Save yourself the money and stress, just get a different detergent.
This keeps leaving residue from the pods on my shirts. Used directly in drum as the instructions say, in our LG front loader with cold (not tap) water. Our city water is great quality too
We have been using the Tide pods for a few weeks now. My teenage son kept complaining that he shorts were coming out of the wash with pink stains or, on dark shorts, bleachy, pinkish spots. After approximately 200 worth of shorts were ruined, I got online to try and figure out what was going on. After reading many of the reviews on this page, I decided to do a little at home testing. What I found is, bascially, our pods are not dissolving all the way no matter what our water temp is and no matter how full or empty the washer is. So, we have gone back to liquid detergent. I was really excited about the convenience of the pods, but we simply cannot afford to have hundreds of dollars worth of clothes destroyed in a matter of weeks. Also, I noted the comments about the lack of cleanliness some people had noticed and the lack of a fresh smell. These are things I had also noticed over the past few weeks, but had not put two and two together on until reading through some of the reviews. One wash back in with regular liquid detergent and my towels are already smelling fresh and clean again. Pods are a great idea, but they clearly need some more development to work out these issues.
I love the convenience of the Tide pods, as a busy mom who works two jobs, I look for the little things to make my housekeeping tasks effective and efficient. I thought I had that with Tide Pods, until I discovered they no longer dissolve in the washer machine, I find there is no fresh scent and don't see a lot of suds. I think its time to scap the pods as I now have to waste even more time looking through my wash to ensure the pod did disolve and I have to shake the bin each week to try to prevent them from sticking and breaking apart, which then leads to another mess/ task of cleaning all the pods and the mess it made on the floor and washing machine. Looks like Tide took some short cuts. Not so sure I wan to trust Tide with my laundry anymore.
I'm writing this to let you know how upset I am. I have just found out that it is the pod's I have been using that have destroyed one of my comforters, 4 shirts, and one sun dress. They are not dissolving in the wash cycle and then when I dry the laundry whatever item of clothing it is left on is then fused together and completely ruined. I want a complete refund for what I can only think of as a disaster product. I would love to get compensation for the loss of the clothes and comforter that I have to now replace. Now that I have identified the culprit I know have to take extra measures every time I do a load of laundry. I am now a truly dissatisfied customer and will be telling all my friends about this problem. Regards
I would not recommend it my whole load was ruined with more stains than it had b4 it had when I put the load in. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The pod left a gooey mess on the drum of my washer. I had to wipe it all out before I could take my clothes out. I am surprised there aren't more people saying this because it seemed to be the remaining part of the pod that didn't break up in the water. I will always use Tide, just not these. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I purchased the Tide Pods, hoping they would make doing laundry a lot easier. I washed an item with a stain in it however, the stain did not come out. Looking at the other things I've washed with the Tide Pods, I am not happy. None of the items seem to be truly clean. I would not recommend this product.
This product has so much perfume I couldn't use it. Too bad. It seems like it would be a useful product. Anyone with a fume sensitivity should steer clear. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used Tide product for a while but most recently have switched to the PODS. HUGE mistake!!! They have destroyed bath towels and clothing by leaving a blue/purple stain on my clothing. You do not notice on dark clothing but can not hide it on light colours. I will not by this product again.
Second try and my sheets are stained purple...and my pillow case has a plastic substance on it....hopefully after they are washed again it will come out...not a happy camper
The Tide pods have ruined several articles of clothing. I have washed, soaked and re-washed stained items and the blue marks do not come off. Terrible!!!
I been trying out these pods thinking they save me the mess of the liquid. But twice now i have these glue stains on my clothes. First time i thought it could've been something else but now i know its the pod. i still have a full bag and out of money which we don't have.
I like the convenience of this product, but found 2 shirts with spots that looked like they had been glued together. I did not notice they hadn't dissolved and put them in the dryer, which hardened the undissolved pods. I tried re-washing the shirts and it did not help. I am soaking them and hope that works. I will not recommend this to anyone, I have a front loader HE and this may be the problem.
I will not by this product in the future. I have had many issues with the pods. They have ruined clothes. Now to get rid of them I dissolve them in the washer before putting in any clothes. I have to keep it under the water and squeeze it when it gets soft. Tide needs to do further testing on this product. It does not work well. Stay away from the pods!
used Tide pods for 3 reasons, less waste, convenience, good cleaning record. NO LONGER THE CASE! I followed the directions and ruined so many clothes I could scream. a brand new uniform is RUINED as well as a new T and some other clothes. RUINED with PURPLE/BLUE STAINS. and I didn't notice them until they were dry and nothing is taking the stains out.
I'd like the old Tide back! It cleaned so well and left clothes smelling great. But the addition of Acti-Lift has changed everything. Clothes come out stiff rather than soft, and with no pleasant scent, just an off odor. I'm so disappointed, I've been trying other brands. I just can't use this product anymore.
The outside of the pods melted onto my clothes and messed up two of my favorite pairs of really expensive Calvin Klein boxers..
smell it and stick nose in a cat litter box or at least if you own a cat you know this smell. well here it is in detergent, yucko just awful. i had to go out and get another detegent to rewash all the laundry i washed .and had to spend more money, this product i think still is the very best and very costly also, but if you can just change this awful smell ill buy it again and would refer a friend or 2 or 3.
Garbage. Ruining my clothing by depositing hard melted lumps, sticking them together. Going to find another brand of detergent. Done with these and Tide.
I have always used Tide and have been completely satisfied, so I was excited to buy the Pods. However, I have found the undissolved pod in my dryer on several occasions. I didn't discover it until I was removing the clothes from the dryer. The clothes were spotted all over from the undissolved detergent. I had to wash them again. After it happened again tonight, I will not use the Pods again.
OMG, the new scent is driving me crazy!!! I've spent all day at work wondering what the heck this horrible smell is only to realize it's my pants!!! I did not wash my own laundry this time and was in a rush to get ready for work so I didn't notice when I put them on. After going online and discovering that several people are not happy about this change, I'd like to add my name to the list of people who will not be buying your product until you change it back!!!
OUR FAMILY IS A TIDE FAMILY AND HAS BEEN FOR MANY MANY YEARS. WE DO NOT HAVE A FRONT LOADING WASHER AND I GRABBED THE REGULAR ORANGE BOTTLE THAT I DO EVERY WEEK ONLY TO GET HOME AND DISCOVER THAT IT WAS A BOTTLE OF THE H.E. DETERGENT. I CAN'T USE THE H.E. DETERGENT IN MY REGULAR WASHER. I READ ANOTHER POST FROM A CONSUMER WHO DOES HAVE AN H.E. WASHING MACHINE AND GRABS REGULAR TIDE BY ACCIDENT. COME ON TIDE!!!! HELP US OUT HERE AND PUT THAT STUFF IN ANOTHER COLORED BOTTLE. THANK YOU!!!!!!
This product is horrible. I have used it to wash sheets and towels. It faded the colors, made them look like they had bleach put on them or were tie dyed. I just bought a new set of sheets and used the pods, it ruined them before I even got to use them. It makes sense when you think about it. This pod is sitting on your laundry why its dissolving its concentrated formula right on the laundry. It has ruined about 500 worth of towels and sheets. I will never use Tide products again.
I received a few of the vivid tide powder pods from a friend - I was excited to use them. I followed the instructions, but all three times I used the pods, they ended up undissolved on the rim of the plastic door liner of my front loader. Only after 30 minutes into the load did the water finally remove the soggy pod from the rim, which meant 30 minutes of washing with no detergent. I had to rewash all three loads. Perhaps these would work when you dissolve into a top loader...but isn't that more work - and isn't this product supposed to make your laundry chore easier AVOID.
I have previously used tide pods with no issues, but recently, this has not been the case. When I had city water, the pods worked like a dream - now that I am on a well, its more like a nightmare. Loads of all sizes come out with melted in pod residue. I have tried reducing my load size (washed a load of three towels on a full load size), to no avail. I suspect it is my well water that is causing issues with the disintegration of the pod. Going back to liquid detergent ASAP.
Since all of my children help with or do their own laundry, I was excited about the convenience of Tide Pods for my front loading HE washer. I continually have problems with the pod not dissolving and finding sticky hard gobs on clothing when we pull it out of the dryer. I don't have time to search washed clothing for undissolved packet pieces before drying. The convenience of the product has been negated by the ruined clothing I now have to replace. Going back to Tide liquid.
I was a loyal Tide user until Acti lift was added to the product several years ago. That is when the scent first changed for the worse. It has never been the same since. It also does not clean as well, especially on whites. I switched to another brand not made by PG but every so often try Tide again. I am very disappointed. You say you base your changes on consumer research. The consumer response based on these reviews should tell you something. No one seems to like any of Tides scents now. Please go back to the old, old original scent.
I normally buy liquid Tide with no perfume, but I thought I'd try these new pods. Since I could not find unscented pods, I tried one of the scented ones. Big mistake. What a horrible cheap smell! It permeates the whole house, and I had to re-wash my clothes with other detergent to get rid of the smell. I ended up throwing away the rest of the pods after the first wash. I know these things are being sold because enough people buy them, but I can't imagine walking around smelling like this. Needless to say, I'll never buy this again unless unscented type is offered.
Notice melted plastic on our clothes. Pods are not dissolving in the regular wash cycle. Stay away from these
I was so happy when Tide introduced Tide pods, I could not wait to buy them! I wish I would have read some of these product review before I did. Recently these Tide pods have turned all my husbands black police uniforms and some of my favorite black leggings and shirts discolored with white/grayish spots on them! I tried rewashing them right away thinking it was just a residue but when I did so the stain never came out! It also stained my towels that were a light green color I now have white/grayish blotches all over my towels. I have used Tide my whole life and never had any issues with. Very unhappy!
Using these pods have ruined hundres of dollars of clothes. Leaves bright patches on clothes and sometimes doesn't disolve all the way so I have to rewash clothes.
I love the pods, but cannot use due to the strong scent. It smells up my whole house...
I bought the tide pods, they fused together I had to use multiple pods for one load or try sit peel them apart which did not work. Very disappointed Will not be buying them again
this product doesn't work well with well water.haven't found anything that does. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very weak product. did not get clean or remove stains. Had to wash a second time and went back to ultra tide w/bleach. Wasted time and money at laundromat on the that product. Tide teams needs to increase effectiveness on det/booster.
This is probably the worst product you have come out with. I have had cheaper product clean my clothes cleaner than these do. I love tide so I thought I would give these a try bad decision on my part. My clothes were not clean at all when I used these. I will stick with the liquid tide. Thanks
I have been using Tide for a kazillion years and have always been extremely satisfied so I thought I would try the PODS. Very disappointed in them, clothes are NOT coming out as bright as they used to - doubt very much if I'll use them anymore instead will go back to the liquid tide I have been using for so long.
Several loads have had to be rewashed as the pod ended up being stuck to my clothes like socks, sheets, shirts and other garments.
i wanted to love it since i love tide, but whatever the blue part of the pod is it has stained my sheets and some of my light clothes with blue! so disappointed!
Tide Pod left bleached out spots on a cardigan and it is now unwearable! Hopefully Tide will reimburse the cost of the cardigan! I must highly recommend that you DO NOT use Tide Pods!! If there was a negative star rating available I would have used it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am using tide from the last 3 years.I changed tide to tide HE because we bought a front load GE washer and dryer.I am so unhappy as my clothes are not stain free and my white clothes are not coming out white.Can somebody help me out with this .For full load do I have to pour max liquidAnd what all other precautions I haev to take while doing laundry
I only use Tide unscented powder. If you can show me that this gets out tomato stains, I'd consider it. There is no detergent on the market that gets out taco sauce, spaghetti and pizza sauce, and even just fresh tomato spatters without a lot of work pretreating. And the new Tide stain remover stuff doesn't either.
I have used Tide Original for many, many years. The last bottle I purchase has ruined more than enough of my family's clothes. Everything that I have washed that has any color to it has faded and looks like I have poured bleach on everything! I am so disappointed. Many items were new and being washed for the 1st time. Not cool, TIDE!!
Don'tuse this product. I didn't figure out what was happening until the third load. At first I thought one of family members left something in a pocket and it melted. But after ruined garment after ruined garment I finally realized the pods were not dissolving and the outer lining was being melted onto my clothes. Two shirts were brand new. The washing machines they make today don't use enough water for this product to work as designed.
I have used Tide my whole life and have always loved it. That is until I picked up a bottle of the new Acti-lift. I couldn't understand why my husband kept complaining about the smell of his freshly laundered clothes. Found an old bottle of 2x Tide and no more smell. Washed the next load in Acti-lift and the smell is back. Until Acti-lift is gone, I'm a former Tide user.
This shouldn't even be recommended for side-loaders simply because it takes too long to dissolve. Worked okay for my top-loader on the 2nd try after I let it dissolve in the full drum of water before dropping clothes in and starting the rest of the wash cycle. Took about 8 to 10 minutes to start breaking down before the water becomes diluted with it. Hope that helps for those stuck with the product like me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I don't know if anyone else has this problem but when ever i use tide pods my clothes, come out smelling like a wet dog. I have done everything to make my clothes smell better. I even use 3 on loads. I would not recommend this to anyone. Tide liquid is so much better and smells amazing!!
I thought Tide Pods were great until I did my most recent load of laundry and discovered that the Tide Pod had melted all over 2 of my work shirts, ruining them. The pod left hardened white stains from the coating of the pod on the shirts that will not come off. They were my favorite shirts and I was very upset that they were ruined. I'm going back to regular laundry detergent immediately. The pods are horrible. I won't risk ruining my clothes again.
I was so excited to try the pods. They are sure easy to use. No drips or spills,however I ruined several of my husband's white shirts. The pods left giant purple stains all over them. Nothing I have tried seems to get the purple out. Now I am afraid to use them again. What a waste! I hope you will make these with the same wonderful fragrance but no dye!
Hi,I've used tide for over 10 yrs and loved the way it cleaned my clothes so when these pods came out I thought yay an easier way to do laundry as I am disabled.But was I wrong,I used it mon on some new clothes and the blue/purple has stained two of my new pieces.I'm very unhappy because now I'm out for my clothes and the I spent on this product.
I have used tide products my entire life and I loved them, so I was shocked when I had found purple/blue stains on my very expensive white bed linens after using a tide pod detergent. I thought that maybe if it was just extra detergent stuck to the linens it would just wash out, but after rinsing numerous times the stain wont budge. My advise is stick to the liquid detergent!
I have used Tide for years, and had to get a new washer, and started using Tide HE. But, I notice on the clothes it leaves soap spots, So I tried turning the clothes inside out, but it still leaves soap spots. This is very disapointing.!!! The washer is a top loading with no agitator in the middle. The directions said to put the detergent on the bottom and then add the clothes. What is my problem It has a lid locking thing on it also, so can't check the clothes while washing. Thank you if you can solve this problem.
Did not totally wash out of my clothes and left big clumps on clothes. Ruined them. Only wanted to rate 1 circle not 1 1/2 on both value and quality. Not worth it.
I have tried Tide a couple times, and in fact was excited about the new stain removal additives. Everytime I have tried it, it seems to eat my clothes. My t-shirts are a little fuzzy on top and my jeans, the seams suddenly split. Threads at hems appear. What gives My towels have suddenly dark water in the machine, I suspect its the fabric fibers and not dirt, they certainly weren't that dirty. I don't want to buy new clothes before I have to, I won't buy a product that promotes that.
Clogged our LG front load washing Machine and lots of water damage!
Tide pods turned an entire load of white clothes into blue splotchy clothes. I expected much more from Tide. There was no warning anywhere on the bag to this effect.
Has anyone notice the white liquid at the bottom of the bag when you get down to the bottom Are the pods disintegrating This has happened in each bag I purchase.
This product was not satisfying. It did not remove stains easily, and it did not brighten my clothes. I do not recommend this product.
I found out the hard way that the Tide Pods stain clothes...not just whites! I have a front load HE washer and was under the impression the Pods would be a good fit - so disappointed...especially at the cost of the product!
There is no way that Tide did extensive research and found long term Tide users actually preferred the new scent over the original!! It is just awful!! Anyone I know who has ever used Tide has always used it because of the great scent so I just don't believe that consumers would have wanted to change it. I'm beyond disappointed that you changed the scent and even more so that you continue to advertise it as Original. It is not the original scent so you are misleading the consumer. I just returned my bottle thinking it was a mislabeled batch but realized it wasn't so now I will be switching brands. Shame on you, Tide!!
I have followed the manufacturer's directions, and no matter what I try, I am left with melted plastic on clothes and stains that will not come out! I will not buy this product again!
I grew up with my mother using Tide for all our clothes. When I moved out on my own, I was of course more inclined to use cheaper detergents, which I quickly learned was more of a get what you pay for scenario, as they never cleaned my clothes nearly as well as Tide. Now, years later, I still use Tide, but something seems to have changed. My clothes are no longer getting as clean as they used to. Also, my 15 month old's shirt had a bit of watery blood on it from where he is teething. It was still damp when I put it in the laundry, even pouring a tad bit of Tide on the spots. For some reason, it did not come out. Washed again, same thing. My wife was also a die-hard Tide fan, but she has noticed that stains do not come out like they used to. Not sure if this has to do with the new technology they are using, but we are not happy with something we have used for decades. Very unfortunate.
Okay I have used this product for several months now. I live with other people and have noticed more and more that my clothing and more importantly my Expensive sheets are fading.... it almost looks like bleach spots. I first ruined a load of t-Shirts.... Very strange but I thought maybe someone used bleach in the load before.... To my surprise, I have ruined 3 sets of nice sheets...... I Love tide and their products.... it is a great brand with a mostly great reputation. I am quite particular when it comes to doing laundry... and I ALWAYS put the pod in first and start the water on at least warm to help the Pod get started.... that just made sense to me.... I have always used these in a front loader washer and I have suffered the discolored clothing/sheets in both. Again, Love Tide but not using or recommending this product to anyone...Please fix this before others ruin their clothing too. :(
I've scratched my head for several days after seeing more and more clothes come out of my wash with random, splotchy stains. My daughter's school uniform includes navy polo shirts and khaki slacks. I wash them separately, but the navy shirts now have areas of slight--but noticeable--fading, and the khakis are spotted with slightly darker-than-khaki stains. In other articles of clothing, such as a lime green t-shirt, I now have stains that look similar to the color of the detergent and in a splatter pattern, perhaps from when the soap first touched the garment. I am using my first jug of Tide Acti-Lift, so it finally makes sense. I am meticulous with my laundry, so I'm more than frustrated that so much of it is now ruined. My mother used Tide for many years, and I have used it for a while. But because of this experience, I will find something different to use. No more Tide for me!
When I opened the package of Ocean Mist--- It smelt like New Haven,CT near the shore line--- which is not a pleasant smell... So I was afraid to add it to my laundry. I then decided to get one of the bottle of tide detergents with the sample pack of spring meadow and I opened that one up and it also smelt strong and an unpleasant smell... However I braved it on some of my less important clothes hoping that it was just the fact that it was so concentrated, and tossed it in. It came out smelling Okay (not like the way I like with either Tide with Downy April Fresh or Tide Clean Breeze or dare I say it Gain Original although it is also a PG brand had to throw it in there because its cheaper than Tide and does just about as good of a job and I love the smell too.) However--- for those who make a mess with powder and liquid detergents like my parents and my sister. (liquid can leak all over the side of the bottle and powder and liquid both can be split then you waste product) Toss it in and no product waste and no mess. Good overall idea--- however I personally do not like the smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Tide Pods do not dissolve properly so often that every wash I have to check if the plastic casing is sticking my clothes together. Not worth the hassle or the embarrassment if I miss one.
I used tide pods with not very good results. Brand new pair of pants had staines all over.Highly disapointed.
I used to love my pods now I hate them. They are not dissolving. They are staining my clothes if I do not catch the article of clothing that the pod is stuck to before putting it in the dryer. Tide must have changed something just not dissolving like they used too. Worst part just bought a mega pack at Costco.
My boyfriend's mom bought these Tide Pods because she thought it was neat. Looking at the product I agreed. it works well with towels but who really cares what towels look like. I just purchased a new bed sheet set, quite pricey and it discolored it. There are white blotches all over it. Disappointed.
Recommend tide liquid not pods, but keep an eye on your drain, 2x we have had solid plastic blockage from undissolved pods. H2O warm 90 of loads and laundry never overloaded.
They exploded all over my clothes several times now, ruining my clothes. Just now I just took my wash out and the blue completely dyed my white work shirt. They constantly explode ruining clothes, and make clothes feel gross. I love Tide, but will be going back to regular detergent by them instead.
Pods get stuck to my clothes and do not dissolve completely. It has ruined several shirts. I have front load washer, and cannot add pods to water first. Not a happy customer!
The scent on these things is wayyyyy too strong! It's like someone marinating in too much perfume I can smell myself all day! It's only gone when I wash it again in another detergent. Blech!
So disappointed with this product. Have always thought of Tide as one of the premium detergents. But these are horrible. And it took me about 4 loads to figure out the culprit. The plastic casing does NOT dissolve completely. And I did not realize until the loads came out of the dryer. When the undisolved casing makes it through your dryer it hardens a sticky wad of plastic into something resembling super glue. If you dont catch it before the dryer, your clothes/linens will be totally RUINED. Perhaps the plastic goo could be rinsed when it is still wet, but once it goes in the dryer it will never come out. When I tried to pull the hard plastic apart it actually ripped the fabric. It is like hard plastic purple/bluish super glue. And I always wash in warm with a warm rinse. And I do not run overfull loads. I have a front loading HE. I will never use these again warn everyone else to stick to the liquid. I wouldn't use these if they were given to me for free. Very disappointed at the various ruined clothes linens. Tide should pull this product.
I was very satisfied with Tide Pods until I used them on my beautiful, very expensive white towels. I now have purple stains on every single towel. I've tried everything to remove the stains, but nothing has worked. I spoke with Tide's customer service, and I was informed that I misused the product. Apparently, the pod is supposed to go into the washer (I have a front loader) before adding the clothes. The CS rep stated that the pod should dissolve as the water fills in the drum from the bottom -- before it touches clothes. So, I guess I am technically to blame however, if there is even a chance that staining would occur, I really feel as if there should be a warning on the box. I did wash a load of old white towels using their instructions, and that load also had stains. The pod did dissolve -- all over my white towels. I'm still a huge Tide fan, so I will purchase a different product -- just not the Pods.
I called the Tide Company and asked about the quantity of detergent in the Tide pods. I was assured that the amount of detergent in the pods would be okay for any size load of laundry. This did not sound right to me. I have had my water tested by 3 different companies, and each one said that I have very good water, which is not too hard and not too soft. I tried a Tide pod for a small to medium size load of laundry. When the wash cycle was complete, the clothes felt sticky, and there were some suds left in the washer. I had to put the clothes through 4 more wash cycles without any detergent, to get the detergent out of the clothes. This was a big waste of time and water, which defeated the purpose of of having an HE washer. The Tide pods are not suitable for small or medium size wash loads. If you do a small or medium size load, you have to use either Tide HE powder or Tide HE liquid, so you can adjust the amount of detergent to the size of the wash load. Therefore, I will never use tide pods again. I only tried it once and had to throw the rest of them away.
This HE formula is horrid. Absolutely HORRID. Not a single store in my area carries the REGULAR tide anymore. They are all the HE brand. Our clothes and towels are literally worn once, no mud, no dirt...and the HE is what we're FORCED to use now. I have to wash the clothes 3 times for the water to turn clear. I don't know what stores no longer carry the regular and I don't know what Tide says it works the same. It does not. Not everyone has an HE washer, nor do we plan on having something in our house that creates mold. This is crazy. I'm allergic to most detergents so I have to use Tide and now it costs me so much money to do a single load. I'm furious and tired of it. It's not fair to the consumer. And it's not just my area. I am hearing it from many people online...the non HE detergent is not available by them and the HE version does not work in a regular washer.
I was initially pleased with Tide Pods when they first came out. I bought them multiple times, and did not have any problems. Recently, I bought a new package of Pods, and have had nothing but complaints about it. In the 10+ loads of laundry I have completed (in both hot/cold temperatures), there has been hard and sticky residue left upon my clothing. I then have to re-wash the items by hand in order to try and get the detergent off. In addition, MANY of my clothes have been stained purple and orange. I have tried bleaching items to remove the stains, but have not been able to clear the stains completely. I am extremely upset and disappointed with this product. I will no longer buy Tide Pods after so many of my items have been permanently ruined. Something that was meant to be so simple and easy to use has turned into making laundry more work than it needs to be. I would NOT recommend this product to anyone.
I have been using the pods for a few months now. I have been noticing these nasty sticky marks and the fabric sticking together. I thought maybe someone left something in a pocket. Well i have been doing laundry today and found out that the pod isn't dissolving in the wash. I have 2 shirts for work that are totally ruined because i have blue stain all over one and sticky plastic container holding the shirts pinched together. I am very disappointed. I wash my clothes in warm water. I just got my mom to purchase them the other day thinking they are great. I truly hope that she doesn't have this problem. I won't be purchasing the pods again. I have used the Purex pods and have never had an issue. I liked what Tide pods had to offer but they obviously do not work as well. I really wanted them to help make life easier but no go. If they make a better package that dissolves correctly then i might purchase again.
While the detergent does a good job of cleaning, the clothes are left with an acidic smell that gets worse if the person works up a sweat. I have noticed it on others who use the detergent. Is there any way to eliminate the odor, maybe make it like Tide Original powder, which simply smells clean. Thank you
tried Tide Febreze Sport and found it smelled awful, then left blue stains! I got the stains out the first time since I hadn't dried it yet, but the next time dried the clothes and ruined 3 items. Tide told me to wash it in hot water, but the stains are still there. My clothes were ruined, changing from tide after 30 years...
Great Idea but someone needs to do something with the blue dye in the pod. I had my favorite off white pair of capris come out of the washer with blue/purple dye all over the backside and on one knee. I soaked them in bleach and tried Oxyclean but they still have light pink stains. I will not use these pods again until this issue is resolved.
All my whites and light colors were covered in permanent blue stains. After two more washings the stains still remain
Leaves what looks like melted blue plastic on parts of clothing, I tried twice just to make sure (and I did follow directions)
I bought the original bottle of Tide detergent. I was not happy with my results with taking stains out. I used the tide detergent and the Tide pods together. When the laundry was done my daughters clothes were still stained.
I am very disappointed in the pods!! I have brand new towels that have lost color! If you have any insight on this please let me know because I am frustrated!!
What happened to the original scent The smell has changed so much that I am going to change the brand of detergent that I buy. I can smell the scent days later when I open a drawer or my closet. Please bring the original scent back!
It is quite ironic that a product claiming to remove stains has actually stained and destroyed hundreds of dollars worth of my clothing. It is one thing when a product does not live up to promises by failing to remove stains, it is quite another matter when a product that claims to remove stains actually creates stains. Disaster product!!
Did not dissolve completely and thus where unknowingly transferred to the dryer. The undissolved portion stuck onto our clothes and literally melted
I like the idea of the pods however this product stinks to high heaven. Can't you at least produce pods that smell as good as your powder or liquid I had to add white vinegar to the final rinse to kill the overpowering scent. I will never buy again and plan on getting a refund.
The label says the product dissolves at all temperatures - but this just doesn't happen. Say goodbye to High Efficiency, because you have to wash everything twice.
After using Tide w/Acti-Lift, our colored towels began fading. A sour odor was very prominent in the towels when used after showering, and the sour odor could be detected on our skin hours later. I changed brands, re-washed everything, and the towels are fresh odor free. Is there an ingredient/chemical in the Acti-Lift that is causing this problem
I purchased the largest tub of tide pods and they were all stuck together couldnt seperate them without breaking them getting every where i feel i wasted alot of money for nothing to say the least i was very unhappy with product i only bought them because i had purchased a small bag of them and they were great so i decided to buy a large container of them BIG MISTAKE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have been using Tide original scent for over 25 years. It's all I use when not using Unscented! Now, the scent is different. It smells like cheap perfume, just as bad as all the other cheap detergents out there. I have always used Tide because all of the other products leave an obnoxious smell on my clothes. Now I can't even use Tide!!!!! Why did you change the scent
I purchased these, and I see no miracles here at all. In fact, the outer casing was stuck to whatever piece of clothing that the pod was under. You don't realize it until you take the washed items out of the dryer. I had to re-wash my curtains and a number of other items. I have the Maytag Bravo series of washer/dryer, so I am up to date with appliances. NOT WORT THE MONEY. Costs more because I had to re-wash.
Why did the have to change ORIGINAL scent I love the old scent. It was the reason we bought the detergent. The new scent is overly perfumed and it irritates my daughter's sensitive skin. And Tide Free Gentle does not have the same cleaning power as Original Tide. Tide was always my family's detergent -- it had been since my grandmother! But they've lost a customer until they change the scent back!
I switched from my normal brand to try the tide pods. I was really hoping that this product would work out for me and my family. After using the pods I noticed blue streaks on my clothes. Some of which were brand new and the first time washing. I must say I am disapointed in this product and will not buy it again. If I squeeze the product under water into the washer this will not happen however, the reason I bought it was to simplify my life.
I had high hopes for Pods, but like many others I found that they didn't dissolve well. Leaving behind a gunky blue gel that made some of my clothes stick together, so not only did I have to manually scrub the articles of clothing but then wash them again. I tried putting less clothes in, changing the temperature settings, etc, but still the same results. Ugh. I will NEVER waste my money on these again, nor would I recommend them to ANYONE.
I started using the Liquid Tide with acti-lift a few months ago and I started getting orange stains on my light colored clothes, sheets, and towels. I did not realize it was the Tide Liquid right away bur finally did some research on the internet and testimonials from others who were having the same problems. I have ruined clothes, sheets and towels. The stains will not come out. I used powdered Tide for years and never had this problem. Something in this new formula is really bad and should be taken off the market.
What happened to the cleaning ability of the Tide of years ago This is another of the Tide family of declining products. I wash clothes the same way that I did 10 years ago and yet my clothes are not nearly as clean after washing in any formula of Tide. I do think that perhaps the powdered formula cleans a little better than the liquid. I would love to find some detergent that would clean on the first wash!
Was not going to listen to all of the bad reviews, wanted to try it out for myself. BELIEVE THE BAD REVIEWS. Tried the pods 3 different ways. 1. putting in the drum before adding clothes 2. putting in the despenser 3. putting on top of clothes. Didn't make any difference. Still did not fully disolve and made more work for me in the long run trying to get out the stains the pod left behind. And barely left any scent at all to the laundry.
The pods stick together and tear when I try to separate them. They turn my fingers blue and they leak all over!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The pods do not dissolve as promised, ruined a 6 month old comforter. Whites come out greyed. Extremely unhappy
I'm not sure why but Tide keeps suggesting to use the Mountain Spring scent if we don't like the awful new original scent. Nice suggestion but does Tide understand that if you have a HE washer you must use HE detergent Hello-- they do not make the powder in HE in mountain spring and they supposedly make it in the liquid but I can not find it anywhere in stores or on the internet. If the liquid is really available please tell me where, I've already tried the product locator and it turned up nothing.
Poor Product, non dissolving while leaving residue
leaves stains on clean clothes, I hate the pods. Am going back to liquid.
i didnt like the tide pods. it didnt make my clothes smell any different. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I too have had issues with blue staining in my laundry while using the Tide Pods. After reading all of the negative reviews, when can we expect a solution. How about remove the blue dye in the product
I had run completely out of detergent and had to go get some new detergent. I saw the Tide Pods and thought that would be wonderful, we do a lot of laundry so that would make it a lot easier on us as well. I tried to use my first pod this morning, I have an HE washer and it says approved for HE, I dropped it in the washer, added my clothes and about 10 minutes into sensing as my washer says, it just shuts off. I've never had this problem with my liquid Tide detergent. I was really excited to buy these new Pods, but was very disappointed when trying to use them. I wish I would have read the reviews before I bought them, I would have just stuck to my normal liquid detergent.
I received a Tide Pod sample and was eager to try it on a load of white laundry. I followed the instructions, and discovered blue spots on a couple of my shirts, socks, and a towel, as well as an undissolved pod stuck to one of my long-sleeves. I'm extremely dissatisfied with this product, as it ruined almost half of the load of laundry. I will not be purchasing this product, or recommending it to others. (especially after reading other reviews, I'm glad I didn't use it on a load of towels or sheets!) P.S. This website it terrible. Links don't do what they should, and information is falling off the page, so Canadian e-mails can't be seen/sent properly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I had no idea I would have to check my clean clothes for tide pod residue so I tossed them into the dryer and now I am out some nice clothes. Tide Pods are GARBAGE and should be taken OFF the market.
I purchased the largest package of Pods and only did about 5 loads of clothes and decided to not use the pods any further. My problem is not the Pods sticking together in the packaging as some people are suggesting.....it is the Pods do not dissolve at all! I did it like the directions said., Also the package says it will dissolve in all water tempertures, I tried cold, warm, and hot! I tried to dissolve the pod in a jar first and the Pod still didn't dissolve all the way. It left such a mess on my clothes, blue stains, sticky stuff on the clothes. If you didn't see it before you put it in the dryer, you had a huge baked on mess when you took the clothes out.. Then it is extremely hard to remove the hard plastic on the clothes. I quit after 5 loads. Not worth all the headaches rewashing, removing stains, etc. Now what do I do with my 96 Pod container It cost alot of money.
after doing a load of laundry found that clothes that were almost brand new were now stained. very disappointed and will not buy again. BEWARE!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always used tide. Recently tried the pods and have been greatly disappointed. blue spots all over white t shirts and other whites.
Maybe I got a bad batch , used in two loads and both times it left a purple looking deposit on my clothes ruined them .its a great idea maybe I used it inproperlly . Don't know .
I would not recommend the Tide Pods. I have had trouble with them leaving purple spots on laundry and the plastic case not dissolving as it should. PG should really take this product off the market. Nice idea in theory, but they do not perform well at all.
Bought the Pods....thought they were great....loved the convenience..loved the smell...but the pods left a terrible residue on my front loader....still have not been able to remove all of it....a very big disappointment..spent an hour to remove it...and it is still on my machine...would not recommend this to my friends....
I have stopped using all forms of liquid Tide as they have caused a strange odor (chemical smell / mildew) to occur after I use my bath towels. In fairness I have experimented with other brands and they too cause the same odor. I have reverted back to powder form of detergent and no longer have this problem.
I had to quit using the pods. Although I love the idea of the convenience the pods continue to get stuck on my good towels, pillow cases, white tops etc. Its very frustrating to take things out of the dryer and find the pod remains stuck on something. I can't trust them anymore with our good clothes and towels. I am very particular! Also I have a brand new Samsung front loader. If the pod isn't on the bottom it ends up un-dissolved in the door gasket. Then I wonder - are my clothes clean I won't use any more.
Worked great for about 2 weeks until my drain got clogged. Costly service to get it fixed. Will not use again. Going back to Gain liquid.
tried Tide Febreze Sport and found it smelled awful, then left blue stains! I got the stains out the first time since I hadn't dried it yet, but the next time dried the clothes and ruined 3 items. Tide told me to wash it in hot water, but the stains are still there. My clothes were ruined, changing from tide after 30 years...
Horrible.. ruined my clothes... Will NEVER use again. Left sticky reside like GLOB (can't get it off the clothes) on a lot of my clothes!!!
Doesn't dissolve all the way and gets stuck to clothes. Ruined about half of my clothes!!!
The pods leave my shirt with an annoying residue. Pods don't melt completely. Leave a thick purple gel on my shirt. It ruined shirts and jeans. Tried picking the gel off and washing again but no luck.
The pods are horrible. goopy soap remains on many of the garments. leaving hard spots of matrial clumped 2gether. ruins the article of clothing. rewashing will not remove it. Love the smell the convience in our brand new high efficiency laundry set. Hate the mess it leaves on our clothes. a big waste of money time...tring to remove the horrible globbs....ugh... problem NEEDS to be addressed!
I have high regard for Tide products. However, this product made me second guess. I appreciate how easy and clean it was to do the laundry. There are no spills or residue on my hands. However, it faded my load of laundry!!! This is NOT ok. Good idea, bad product.
I bought a large bag of Pods and did numerous loads of laundry last weekend then noticed that ALL the clothes, towels and blankets have a strong smell like rubbing alcohol. It is horrible. I LOVE Tide Liquid detergent and will stick with that instead. I would recommend you start with a small sample of Pods to see if you have the same experience. Don't waste your time and money like I did :-)
it destroyed and stain 3 items from my laundry, it is a bad product it doesn't dissolve completely
I LOVED THE IDEA OF THIS PRODUCT AND AS SOON AS I WAS ABLE TO I BOUGHT IT FOR MY HOUSEHOLD. I WAS TELLING EVERYBODY ABOUT IT BUT THEN I DISCOVERED THAT IT DOES NOT DELUTE RIGHT IN THE WATER AND LEAVES SPOTS ON MY CLOTHES. I DO NOT THINK I WOULD BUY THIS AGAIN. GOING BACK TO MY LIQUID TIDE.
Outside wrapper did not disintegrate in the wash, hardened to all of my clothes, and caused one of my shirts to rip. Emailed company about incident and no response! Will not be buying again!
I was excited to try new Tide Pods they seemed economical to buy-boy was I wrong. It takes two for even the smallest load and no suds at all. I always use Tide products and feel very disappointed that they do not meet the standards I am used to with Tide products-unfortunately there is no satisfaction guaranteed label on the back and I can see why.
The pod package says specifically that you can use either top or front loading machines and that the pods will dissolve in any temperature of water. Then why is it that every time I use a pod it gets fused to one article of clothing I am also seeing that because it does not dissolve it is leaving blue stains on my other clothes. I am not impressed.
I purchased a 3 pack of 35 package pods from Sam's club for a total of 105 pods. I have used tide since I was old enough to do my own laundry. It was all my mother every used. I didn't think that I would have to do a trial run.I have a front loader washing machine. These things are terrible. The leave a sticky mess on just about everything. Socks,under clothes,sheets, and much more. Now I'm stuck with a bad product. Thanks tide for being my trusted laundry detergent.
My new white dress and 3 pairs of shorts are ruined with blue spots all over them. I have tried stain remover, bleach, powdered tide and about anything I could think of to get the stains out. Nothing worked and I am throwing my clothes away. It works fine for dark clothes but I would never again use on whites. I am confused as to why Proctor and Gamble says this has not happened in the testing, there are to many people in the reviews that this has happened to. I find it hard to believe it never happened to them. Next time before I buy a new product I will read reviews.
I was so excited to see this product debut in our local store and I was even more thrilled to start using the product. The concept is great! However, each time I used them I noticed they do not fully dissolve (in all water temps). And like some of the other reviews, I too, noticed the remnants of the pods inside my washer door (initially top load regular and then with the new Front Loader) as well as on the clothes. I unfortunately did not catch one load before putting them into the dryer and got a few stains (blue) on pure WHITE linen and towels. Disappointing. Love the idea though. So please listen to your consumers and make improvements. Thanks.
I have used Tide for over 40 years and have used almost of their products at one time or another, but these are by far the most disappointing product I have used. Not only did the product stick to, and stain some of my things, but the odor is disgusting...it smells fishy to me. The first time I thought it was something else causing the odor, so I re-washed, the next time, same thing. Unfortunately, I have a very low income and live in an apartment with pay laundry machines, and the last thing I needed was not only spending my money on Tide Pods, but now I have to go purchase new detergent, and once again, spend the money to rewash everything.
Tide is a product that I've seen in most of my family's laundry room as far back as I could remember and its the detergent of choice in my home. So when these pods came out I thought, what a great idea, my detergent just became more efficient. Well... to make a long story short, this detergent has lightly/ slightly faded four polo shirts of mine and two blouses of my wife and random articles in my daughters wardrobe. Like I said, this started off as a good idea but the different liquids within each pod or the ratio of those liquids need to be reevaluated.
Tide Pods are awful, stained and ruined our clothes.
I used it in the hopes of getting an old stain out as this product was advertised and it didn't work.
Tide pods dont dissolve completely. They stick to my clothing then harden. Ruined my clothes, I cant salvage them. So upset. I dislike this product.
At first I was excited about trying this new and easy product. But after numerous loads with pods stuck to and ruining some of my clothes, I am searching for a new product. Your research team needs to get back to the lab so that the pod actually dissolves in all temperatures as advertised when mixed with clothing.
I bought the mountain spring 100oz Tide laundry detergent. When I opened it it smelled bad, After I used it it made the clothes smell like mold. After they were dry I had to rewashed them because they smelled even worse. I do not recommend this scent try meadows and rain, it was nice.
I got angry at my wife when I found a sticky glob on my towel. I thought it was chewing gum. My wife said it was Tide Pods. She has used Tide exclusively for many years and was disappointed that the Pods created such a mess. It is a bad product and I told my wife that Tide may not be the best product to use.
I work for a family who has a son that plays football and wears white t-shirts and white football pants. Ever since I started using the new Tide with acti-lift it has made the sweat stains turn yellow. It has ruined at least 6 shirts and 2 pairs of football pants. I would say if your trying to make sweat stains come to forefront of clothes you've done your job. Not happy at all!
OUR FAMILY IS A TIDE FAMILY AND HAS BEEN FOR MANY MANY YEARS. WE DO NOT HAVE A FRONT LOADING WASHER AND I GRABBED THE REGULAR ORANGE BOTTLE THAT I DO EVERY WEEK ONLY TO GET HOME AND DISCOVER THAT IT WAS A BOTTLE OF THE H.E. DETERGENT. I CAN'T USE THE H.E. DETERGENT IN MY REGULAR WASHER. I READ ANOTHER POST FROM A CONSUMER WHO DOES HAVE AN H.E. WASHING MACHINE AND GRABS REGULAR TIDE BY ACCIDENT. COME ON TIDE!!!! HELP US OUT HERE AND PUT THAT STUFF IN ANOTHER COLORED BOTTLE. THANK YOU!!!!!!
We only use Tide in our house. For our kids, teens, and racing...it's the only thing that works. STAY away from the 96 oz container!! It ruined my whole laundry cart since no matter how I turned the bottle, liquid would run down the sides. What a mess! I won't ever buy this size again!
I have stopped using all forms of liquid Tide as they have caused a strange odor (chemical smell / mildew) to occur after I use my bath towels. In fairness I have experimented with other brands and they too cause the same odor. I have reverted back to powder form of detergent and no longer have this problem.
i wasn't satisfied with quality of your product as its hadn't coped with oil!!!!!
glad other people found the same problem after using Tide He. Since it uses less water to clean, the fragrance should be lessened by half
I bought the mountain spring 100oz Tide laundry detergent. When I opened it it smelled bad, After I used it it made the clothes smell like mold. After they were dry I had to rewashed them because they smelled even worse. I do not recommend this scent try meadows and rain, it was nice.
I have found that the animal fat used in the liquid HE product leaves a residue on the inner drum of the washer causing it to smell like mildew. It is difficult to remove the smell. I'm not sure but I think this product can only be used when doing HOT Hot water washes. The residue has left black marks on many of my white clothes requiring rewashing. The powdered HE doesn't seem to cause this same problem. I am now wondering if all of Tides liquid products contain animal fat!
I bought a bottle of Mountain Spring 2x Tide, and was astonished at the strength of the scent. It is so strong that it makes me sneeze. In fact, the other day I wore a pair of socks washed in this detergent - everything else had been washed in something else - and I was able to clearly smell this Tide all day! I do not want my detergent to overpower everything else. I will not buy this product again.
BEING A LONG TIME TIDE USER I AM UNSURE WHAT TO DO WITH THE PROBLEM OF DETERGENT NOT RINSING OUT OF HEAVY FABRICS WITH THE NEW 2X FORMULA. IF THERE IS A SOLUTION TO THIS I WOULD LIKE TO HEAR IT SO THAT I DO NOT HAVE TO SWITCH BRANDS.
Had HE washer for 2 years and tried your HE product. Found it would not rinse as well as regular product and had musty smell. Clothes smelled bad after use. Called Tide. they said leave the door open after use. Switched back to reg detergent. Would like to try again. maybe i did something wrong.
I do not like the new Tide 2X. No matter how little I use, soap remains in dense fabrics, such as towels, and I can't get it out. My daughter and I both have noticed that our clothes feel itchy with the new Tide. I have used Tide all my life, but I may have to change to something else, since I can no longer get regular Tide. Have others noticed this also
smell it and stick nose in a cat litter box or at least if you own a cat you know this smell. well here it is in detergent, yucko just awful. i had to go out and get another detegent to rewash all the laundry i washed .and had to spend more money, this product i think still is the very best and very costly also, but if you can just change this awful smell ill buy it again and would refer a friend or 2 or 3.
I have had a problem with blue staining on some of my garments after washing with the new acti-lift detergent. (both white and light colored items) I have washed these garments several times in various temps with the hope that the stains would come out, but they are still there.For 30 years I have been pleased with tide. I am now afraid to wash anything other than old stained clothing with this product.
I recently bought Tide with acti-lift for the first time, and I washed a load full of white clothes. They are all ruined. They have blue stains that are the color and design of the detergent ALL over them. I am so upset.
I have used Tide for 37 years, through rich and not so rich periods in my life.... I've always spent the extra money on Tide because it really was worth it, and the clothes came out REALLY CLEAN, but lately my clothes are dingy, and not any cleaner than the lower priced detergents. I am greatly disappointed after all these years, and am experimenting with other detergents.
Remember when some genius at the Coca-Cola company decided to change the formula for Coke 'Classic' And it was a huge failure Seems the same person is now working for PG as I have used Tide for years and am now checking out all my area stores to try and find the original formula Tide.... This ActiLift formula has spotted several loads of clothing, as mentioned on many sites, including this one. Even with putting the detergent into the water and letting it agitate before adding my clothes, I have several articles which have blue splotches on them,which is weird when you have ONLY whites in the load. If I can't stock up on the original formula (LOVED the Coldwater one) I will be changing to a different brand!
I have been using Tide Liquid for years and have been very happy with it until the Acti-Lift was added to it. The detergent now makes my laundry smell terrible- a very strong, bitter odor. It also made my white towels turn gray. My family and friends have also complained about the same problem, especially the awful smell. Tide, you keep insisting that the scent has not changed and tell us to use Tide free and gentle. I do not want no smell. I want a nice smell. I see other reviewers wrote in about the same problem with the Acti-Lift ( especially those who use Tide with Downey). Tide, please listen to your customers and give them what they want. I HATE the smell of the Acti-Lift and have switched to a new detergent. You must be losing many other customers because of this problem. Tide is like an American tradition and you have ruined a product we have loved for years. I am sorry to say I will never use Tide again unless the Acti-Lift is taken out and the old formula is back again.
I used it in the hopes of getting an old stain out as this product was advertised and it didn't work.
I put tide directly on my work pants and it did not take the stains out.
i tried pouring tide acu-lift directly on the stain plus in the load of laundry....did NOT work.
I have used Tide my whole life and have always loved it. That is until I picked up a bottle of the new Acti-lift. I couldn't understand why my husband kept complaining about the smell of his freshly laundered clothes. Found an old bottle of 2x Tide and no more smell. Washed the next load in Acti-lift and the smell is back. Until Acti-lift is gone, I'm a former Tide user.
I grew up with my mother using Tide for all our clothes. When I moved out on my own, I was of course more inclined to use cheaper detergents, which I quickly learned was more of a get what you pay for scenario, as they never cleaned my clothes nearly as well as Tide. Now, years later, I still use Tide, but something seems to have changed. My clothes are no longer getting as clean as they used to. Also, my 15 month old's shirt had a bit of watery blood on it from where he is teething. It was still damp when I put it in the laundry, even pouring a tad bit of Tide on the spots. For some reason, it did not come out. Washed again, same thing. My wife was also a die-hard Tide fan, but she has noticed that stains do not come out like they used to. Not sure if this has to do with the new technology they are using, but we are not happy with something we have used for decades. Very unfortunate.
I want the regular good smelling, hard working Tide back. I sniffed all over my kitchen to find that cheap Borax smell that my mother used to clean with only to find that it was coming from my washer and was somehow tied to your Acti-Lift. I HATED that smell growing up and now it is fuming everything I wear. So i vowed never to grab that again only to find it is in EVERY product you make including my Sports soap that I use for running clothes! What sort of stain do you think i get running 10 miles I do not need acti-lift i need febreeze which now smells like Borax. Thanks but no thanks...searching for new laundry soap!!!
I started using the Liquid Tide with acti-lift a few months ago and I started getting orange stains on my light colored clothes, sheets, and towels. I did not realize it was the Tide Liquid right away bur finally did some research on the internet and testimonials from others who were having the same problems. I have ruined clothes, sheets and towels. The stains will not come out. I used powdered Tide for years and never had this problem. Something in this new formula is really bad and should be taken off the market.
I use Tide as I have a front load washer. I like the product but with the add you are running I wish I had another choose. I will rate the add In todays world when kid try to rule. We need morals more then ever. Your add teaches it is okay to LIE. I can not believe that mother in your add lied to her daughter. If that were the daughter lying would we be so excepting As a upright company you should strive to help with values not tear them down. I get upset every time I see the add. Please think of the message you are sending to our kids. IT IS OK TO LIE to protect yourself... NOT
I just finished the napkins and linens from our Thanksgiving Day dinner. I am so upset with the results that I came to this site to register my disappointment. I don't know what changes have been made, but they aren't working for me. First, the smell of Tide Plus a touch of Downy is disgusting--not a clean smell at all. More like cheap perfume. The real disappointment though is in the results. It has left stains on several items that I had to wash several times (with no detergent) to remove. I have now washed the napkins from yesterday three times and neither the food stains or the Tide stains will not come out! I have washed these napkins for years with great result from the original Tide. I have used Tide for most of my married life (over 40 years), but unless there is some change in the ingredients, I will no longer purchase it. Please go back to the Original scent and formula!
Who was the genious that decided to move the handle that was attached to the box to the lid Once you open the new style box with the handle on the lid, you can no longer lift the box without spilling the contents. Please rethink this move and return to the tried and proven style.
I'd like the old Tide back! It cleaned so well and left clothes smelling great. But the addition of Acti-Lift has changed everything. Clothes come out stiff rather than soft, and with no pleasant scent, just an off odor. I'm so disappointed, I've been trying other brands. I just can't use this product anymore.
It seems inconsistent that I will recommend this to a friend, but rate it so poorly. The detergent itself has been very satisfactory. I have used Tide powder all my life and am a believer. We just got a front loader and now use the liquid HE. My problem is, the design of the largest heaviest dispenser bottle with the push button spout is extremely unwieldy. I thought it was just me, but we needed a new bottle the other day and my husband commented that if any other laundry soap in the shopping aisle had a more thoughtfully designed bottle, he would choose it instead! Unfortunately they were all made from exactly the same mold. And, unfortunately, we believe the designer has never tested his bottle. Anyway, the company who changes this design will get our business. We agreed that there should be a second handle or handhold on the side that becomes the top when you are dispensing the detergent. As baby boomers, we are conscious of the savings in price of the larger volume bottle, but I am not as strong as I used to be and need a better design.
I've used Tide my whole life and always loved the smell. I thought I got a bad bottle (Tide liquid with touch of Downy) because the smell was disgusting and stuck with the clothes even after wearing them. Finally noticed the cap said Acti-lift so I went back to the store to get one without, but the entire stock has it. At least give us a choice! I don't have kids, I don't get stains on my clothes, I just want my normal Tide with a fresh smell and no crazy chemicals stinking it up. I won't buy another bottle with Acti-lift, so if that's all there is I will have to switch brands for the first time.
I have used Tide since 1976 but had to give it up when Acti Lift was added. Everyone in the family complained that the slightest bit of perspiration made their clothes smell like wet moldy towels. Not going to work for an avid sports family.
I've been using Tide for years. I've always loved the quality (even though it is on the expensive side) and the smell is (was) the best!!! I hate the smell of the new ActiLift. I want the original scent back! Or, I will have to switch to another brand, which would be very unfortunate.
I've scratched my head for several days after seeing more and more clothes come out of my wash with random, splotchy stains. My daughter's school uniform includes navy polo shirts and khaki slacks. I wash them separately, but the navy shirts now have areas of slight--but noticeable--fading, and the khakis are spotted with slightly darker-than-khaki stains. In other articles of clothing, such as a lime green t-shirt, I now have stains that look similar to the color of the detergent and in a splatter pattern, perhaps from when the soap first touched the garment. I am using my first jug of Tide Acti-Lift, so it finally makes sense. I am meticulous with my laundry, so I'm more than frustrated that so much of it is now ruined. My mother used Tide for many years, and I have used it for a while. But because of this experience, I will find something different to use. No more Tide for me!
I always use Tide--my favorite laundry detergent. My husband accidentally bought this. So problem 1 is that the packaging does not make it obvious that you are not getting the Original ordinary Tide which is what I like. I used the stuff anyway because I was too lazy to take it back. It cleans just fine but I cannot stand the smell--I had to wash everything again to get it out and some of the scent is still lingering. Ick.
TIDE RUINED MY SONS 60 ANGELS JERSEY! I am so upset. My toddler has his favorite jersey- he wears it all the time. I just tried this Tide Acti-Lift with Lavender and Downey for the first time (we ALWAYS use liquid Tide- have for years). I washed the jersey by itself in cold, following the care instructions. Some of the liquid Tide spilled on the jersey as I was putting it in and I figured no problem, it's soap, it will wash out. WRONG! I pulled the jersey out of the wash when the cycle completed and too my horror there was a huge dark stain IN THE EXACT PATTERN OF THE SPILL. I have tried washing it again, with soap and without, to no avail. It is completely ruined, and I don't know how I am going to tell my 3-year old that his shirt can't be worn anymore. I am so upset that I am in tears right now. Tide really ruined my evening, and my childs tomorrow.
After using Tide w/Acti-Lift, our colored towels began fading. A sour odor was very prominent in the towels when used after showering, and the sour odor could be detected on our skin hours later. I changed brands, re-washed everything, and the towels are fresh odor free. Is there an ingredient/chemical in the Acti-Lift that is causing this problem
Awful smell. I thought I had accidentally put a cleaning rag of some sort in with my towels. The smell from using Mountain Spring was awful. I re-washed the towels two times and they still have a putrid smell. I threw that soap out and Im back to my wonderful Original Scent Tide.
I work for a family who has a son that plays football and wears white t-shirts and white football pants. Ever since I started using the new Tide with acti-lift it has made the sweat stains turn yellow. It has ruined at least 6 shirts and 2 pairs of football pants. I would say if your trying to make sweat stains come to forefront of clothes you've done your job. Not happy at all!
I have used tide for years and always been a huge fan of the Mountain spring fragrance. A few days ago, I bought a new bottle and noticed it had Acitlift in the name.....OH MY GOSH!!! smells like Off mosquito spray in my clothes. I HATE it! It cleans great, but the smell is horrible. I'm switching detergents!!
I have used the powder tide all my life and it has always cleaned my clothes. Whites are whiter and colors have always been brighter. Recently I purchased a frontloader washer that requires HE detergents. I started buying the HE liquid Tide since that's all you can find in my area of town. This laundry detergent is a disappointment. My whites are dull and dingy and the colors are blah! I miss using my original tide. If a consumer is forced to use HE products with their new washers then I expect Tide to produce a product that is as sufficient as the original Tide. I do not recommend this product at all.
I only use Tide unscented powder. If you can show me that this gets out tomato stains, I'd consider it. There is no detergent on the market that gets out taco sauce, spaghetti and pizza sauce, and even just fresh tomato spatters without a lot of work pretreating. And the new Tide stain remover stuff doesn't either.
I have tried Tide a couple times, and in fact was excited about the new stain removal additives. Everytime I have tried it, it seems to eat my clothes. My t-shirts are a little fuzzy on top and my jeans, the seams suddenly split. Threads at hems appear. What gives My towels have suddenly dark water in the machine, I suspect its the fabric fibers and not dirt, they certainly weren't that dirty. I don't want to buy new clothes before I have to, I won't buy a product that promotes that.
What happened to the cleaning ability of the Tide of years ago This is another of the Tide family of declining products. I wash clothes the same way that I did 10 years ago and yet my clothes are not nearly as clean after washing in any formula of Tide. I do think that perhaps the powdered formula cleans a little better than the liquid. I would love to find some detergent that would clean on the first wash!
I was excited to try this product. I have always enjoyed Tide, but I was highly disappointed. The clothes did not come out smelling nicely, they were not soft, and the clothes were full of static cling. I would not recommend this product.
I have used Tide since 1976 but had to give it up when Acti Lift was added. Everyone in the family complained that the slightest bit of perspiration made their clothes smell like wet moldy towels. Not going to work for an avid sports family.
This product destroyed 2 of my favorite shirts, one recently purchased, another from a different country. This product is terrible and should never be purchased. Living in a dorm I thought it would make doing laundry easier, instead its destroyed my property. NEVER BUY THIS!
The label said it was fine for HE washers. I have a 4 year old Maytag Duet washer. The pods make WAY too many suds. Now I have a huge container of Ocean Mist pods that I cannot use. I love Tide products but these pods are not for my washer. Back to liquid HE Tide. Disappointed.
Broken bottles and ordered 4 received 3. Had to call and get corrected and replaced second order the box destroyed but items were ok. Disappointing
Last 5 months 3 leaking containers, seams, feet, thin walls, plastic scrap in spigot. Lost half or more detergent, big messes to clean. Can't afford to buy Tide and lose half due to poor packaging.
I used with bleach on my white t-shirts and they turned pink. Didn't know this was the issue so I got new shirts. The new shirts turned pink as well. I used a different product and No Pink issues.
Please share where the measurements are. All I see is lines going up and down all the same. What am I missing
For the life of me, I cannot read the guide in the lid for which mark, for what size load I'm washing. PLEASE come up with something different .
I have been using Tide original scent for over 25 years. It's all I use when not using Unscented! Now, the scent is different. It smells like cheap perfume, just as bad as all the other cheap detergents out there. I have always used Tide because all of the other products leave an obnoxious smell on my clothes. Now I can't even use Tide!!!!! Why did you change the scent
Original Tide liquid was the only scented detergent I could use that I wasn't allergic to. This is no longer the case. I have used Tide exclusively for 15 years without issue. Now, the smell is overbearing and I'm allergic to whatever perfumes/chemicals used in the new formulation. You just lost a long time, loyal customer. Thanks for the rash.
Got an allergic rash from tides new scent! Sorry, but after years of using tide, I will now change to non-tide products!
The new scent is horrible. Doesn't even smell like Tide. For as long as I've been doing laundry, I've been using Tide Original. Not anymore. You've lost a once-loyal customer.
I have been using only Tide for 30 some years. I was shocked when I washed a load with my newest bottle and found the scent had changed. I dried the clothing hoping the scent would tone down. It didn't. It is a strong perfume smell that no one in my family likes. I had to rewash clothes in another brands unscented to remove the smell. Why Tide Don't call it your 'original scent' because its not. Label it appropriately and please bring back the original Original scent. No longer a Tide consumer until this changes.
OMG, the new scent is driving me crazy!!! I've spent all day at work wondering what the heck this horrible smell is only to realize it's my pants!!! I did not wash my own laundry this time and was in a rush to get ready for work so I didn't notice when I put them on. After going online and discovering that several people are not happy about this change, I'd like to add my name to the list of people who will not be buying your product until you change it back!!!
For decades Tide Original Scent was the only detergent that did not aggravate my sensitive skin allergies...now that you have changed it, I can no longer use it as it now causes my skin allergy symptoms to flare up, and I also greatly dislike the new fragrance. I am now forced to hunt down a replacement detergent. Please bring back the old formula and fragrance! Sincerely, Nissa
How can you change the scent of Tide HE Original That would make it NOT original anymore. The new scent is awful and smells like bad perfume. Your customer service answer was to buy Mountain Spring instead because that has now become the original scent but you don't sell it in HE formula! What a laundry disaster!
The scent of Mountain Spring Tide has changed and it is TERRIBLE NOW. I have been a loyal customer for many years -- only buying the Mountain Spring scent Tide and willing to pay more than for other brands. However, the scent has changed since July 2014 and it is now TERRIBLE. I can't stand it and will no longer purchase TIDE at all.
I've used Tide Original liquid for years. Following my first use of the new scent (which I was initially unaware had changed), I thought my washer was broken and didn't complete the rinse cycle. The smell was overpowering - like an old lady's stale perfume left over from World War I. I emailed Tide and received this response: Our Tide Original and Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergents were upgraded to new and improved scents that still provide a great smell of clean. Our new Tide Original liquid laundry detergents scent provides an improved scent experience. Tide Original liquid laundry detergents scent now matches Tide Original powder laundry detergents scent. If you prefer the fragrance from your previous Tide Original, we suggest Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergent as it now contains the old Tide Original fragrance. Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergents scent now matches Tide Mountain Spring powder laundry detergents scent.
The fragrance on the original tide was the reason I used it, and it seems to have changed! I want the old scent back, and have changed laundry detergent brands because of the new smell.
I have been a user of Tide for over 20 years, since I first started doing my own laundry in college, and have been completely satisfied...until now. It seems they have changed the formula for Original Tide (including Mountain Spring). The new formula smells absolutely HORRIBLE. It is a sickly sweet, heavily perfumed smell that I can not stand to be around, let alone wear clothes that were washed in the scent. I was able to find some bottles of the old formula in a local store (New formula cap says 6X Clean Even In Cold) (Old formula cap says My Tide cap 6 cap) and had to rewash all of my clothes in the old formula. If this formula is not changed back, once my old formula Tide is depleted, you will lose a customer for life. And I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels this way. Please change it back.
This HE formula is horrid. Absolutely HORRID. Not a single store in my area carries the REGULAR tide anymore. They are all the HE brand. Our clothes and towels are literally worn once, no mud, no dirt...and the HE is what we're FORCED to use now. I have to wash the clothes 3 times for the water to turn clear. I don't know what stores no longer carry the regular and I don't know what Tide says it works the same. It does not. Not everyone has an HE washer, nor do we plan on having something in our house that creates mold. This is crazy. I'm allergic to most detergents so I have to use Tide and now it costs me so much money to do a single load. I'm furious and tired of it. It's not fair to the consumer. And it's not just my area. I am hearing it from many people online...the non HE detergent is not available by them and the HE version does not work in a regular washer.
I my opinion this mountain spring is the worst smelling liquid detergent I have ever used.
I bought the original bottle of Tide detergent. I was not happy with my results with taking stains out. I used the tide detergent and the Tide pods together. When the laundry was done my daughters clothes were still stained.
I have never use anything but tide since I learn to wash on the old wringer machine. My husband has tried to get me to use cheaper brands, but I could never bring myself to tried them, since I was satified with tide. Now I am not phyical able to do laundy , My husband is doing it and guess what he uses, of course its tide.
I bought this Tide bottle the other day and hard as I try cannot get the darn thing open. Removed the seal, but all of it didn't come off...came off in pieces, and I cannot get the remainder of the plastic seal off the bottle cap. I am so frustrated I am ready to throw the thing against the wall and stomp on it. My last resort is to punch a hole in the bottle and transfer the contents to another laundry bottle, which will NOT be Tide. If Tide can't do a better job of packaging their liquid laundry detergent I will NEVER buy Tide or any of their products again.
I have used Tide Original for many, many years. The last bottle I purchase has ruined more than enough of my family's clothes. Everything that I have washed that has any color to it has faded and looks like I have poured bleach on everything! I am so disappointed. Many items were new and being washed for the 1st time. Not cool, TIDE!!
I bought two new t-shirts in dark colors. When I washed them there were little spots all over the shirts that looked like grease spots. I have tried every kind of spot removal to no avail. They are now every day work shirts. I have two daughters that have had the same problem with Tide. I will only use it on my whites and towels.
I hate the new smell. I am looking for a new laundry product. I have used Tide for 20 years.
I am using tide from the last 3 years.I changed tide to tide HE because we bought a front load GE washer and dryer.I am so unhappy as my clothes are not stain free and my white clothes are not coming out white.Can somebody help me out with this .For full load do I have to pour max liquidAnd what all other precautions I haev to take while doing laundry
Ruined several pieces of clothing using them. What appears to have happened is the pod broke on one piece of clothing and sat there, my clothing now has bleach stains like I ran a pod size eraser across them.
I would not recommend using the pods as the outside of the pod does not always dissolve and gets on your clothes and ruins them. Going back to liquid soap. Can't believe they still sell them with this problem.
i bought tide pods and used them to wash my white blankets when the wash was finish there was blue stains all over them i had to wash them over with javex to gets the stains out tide pods are now in the garbage i will never use them again hersma
Do not wok leaves blue stains on clothes I use one pod for load.
The new scent is horrible. Doesn't even smell like Tide. For as long as I've been doing laundry, I've been using Tide Original. Not anymore. You've lost a once-loyal customer.
I have used Pods for quite some time. I had been very satisfied with this product. Now this last container I purchased leaves a gumy residue on my clothes. Causing rewashing. I doubt I purchase this product again
The perfume smell of the clothes coming out of the washing machine is horrible!! If the smell could be removed and the pouches firmed up ( they feel like they could easily burst ) this would be a good product.
I have always used Tide, this product leaves stains that melt together when put in the dryer, I have a Maytag frontloader, the pod has ruined two of my husbands shirts. The pods do not totally dissolve.
I hate the new smell. I am looking for a new laundry product. I have used Tide for 20 years.
Even it looks like a good product is a very bad idea, the plastic do not dissolve with water and it get stuck in your clothes, i ruined 2 blouses,
I my opinion this mountain spring is the worst smelling liquid detergent I have ever used.
I will never do pods again, they left blue marks all over my clothes. Very disappointed in the product and very expensive to replace damage clothes.
love tide brand laundry soap but the pods left stains on our clothes,they are convieint but not worth the extra work of getting the stains out after using.
I usually use Gain, and tried something different with the Tide Pods, and the Spring Meadow does not have a fresh smell and makes my clothes smell worse.
The Tide Pods ruined 3 of my shirts, did not dissolve and stained my clothes! Went back to the liquid Tide.
It would not remove a mustard stain out of my shirt after two washings, and would not remove grease stains. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Clogged our LG front load washing Machine and lots of water damage!
I tried the Tide pods because Tide powder, which I would normally use, is no longer available. Like many others have pointed out, this product is the absolute worst. As others have noted, the pods do not always dissolve completely. And before someone from PG customer service replies to ask, the answer is yes I do put the pods in the drum first and NO the machine is not overloaded! Nonetheless, I still end up with purple blotches on my clothes. Before, whenever I did a load of laundry, I always programmed an extra rinse cycle. However, since I've been using the pods I find it necessary to add an extra, extra rinse cycle - and even that does not always work. Ocassionally, I still end up with purple blotches from the undissolved pod. Having to add an extra, extra rinse is obviously a complete waste of energy and water, and it's a step I should not have to take! The idea of the pods is commendable however execution is sorely lacking. Designers need to go back to the drawing board and find a better dissolving material to encapsulate the detergent. I guess I'll have to start using the liquid from now on.
TIDE RUINED MY SONS 60 ANGELS JERSEY! I am so upset. My toddler has his favorite jersey- he wears it all the time. I just tried this Tide Acti-Lift with Lavender and Downey for the first time (we ALWAYS use liquid Tide- have for years). I washed the jersey by itself in cold, following the care instructions. Some of the liquid Tide spilled on the jersey as I was putting it in and I figured no problem, it's soap, it will wash out. WRONG! I pulled the jersey out of the wash when the cycle completed and too my horror there was a huge dark stain IN THE EXACT PATTERN OF THE SPILL. I have tried washing it again, with soap and without, to no avail. It is completely ruined, and I don't know how I am going to tell my 3-year old that his shirt can't be worn anymore. I am so upset that I am in tears right now. Tide really ruined my evening, and my childs tomorrow.
I use these pod type soaps exclusively in the dishwasher and have used other detergent brands' pods/gel packs in laundry. .I'm very familiar with the need to keep these pods dry. I purchased Tide pods last Tuesday. I cut open the bag above the zip-lock closure and made sure the bag was still closed tightly and put on shelf in laundry room. Today, the pods were a globby mess, Plastic pouches all stuck together,... blue and white liquids had leaked but the orange liquid was still encased in all pods... Very expensive, mess. If they are this sensitive to dampness found in a laundry room...how will they hold up when the humidity of summer hits my area I know I can't let any of the teenagers use these...they will never be cautious enough with the need to keep hands dry when touching the packs....This is not an issue with the other gel packs I use....very disappointed.
When I first used the pod I thought how great is this! I purchased the new PODS. Then first load my sheets had stuck together like super glue. I didn't know what happen. Brand new had not even used them. Next load my husbands clothes and his shirts that have his work insignia on them. He wore his shirt to work and the back side was stuck together imagine that for a VP of a company. I had to bring him another shirt. Next I did my whites well I checked every item and found the residue from the pod it was blue gooey mess. I was able to get it out as I had found it prior to drying it. It did leave a light blue stain but the gooey came off with boiling water. Are these PODs not good for front load washers Please Tide reply to let me know if reimbursement will be made for my husbands work shirt. Boiling water didn't work on it as it had been though the dryer already
At first, this product was great, but in the past month I have had to throw clothes away due to its wrapper not dissolving throughly in the wash ( I do pre-soak, Stain cycle, and extra rinse on ALL my wash loads). The film does nto dissolve all the way and then when I put the clothes in teh dryer, it turns into a hard plastice like substance that sticks to teh cloths and stucks them together. It is impoosible to get out and I have to throw stuff away! I suppost my kids and self on under 2600 a month, I cannot afford to just throw clothes away!!!! At first I thought my kid left something in a pocket, but after MANY washes having this occur sporatically, it came to see if it happened with a different type of Tide and it did not it ONLY occurs when I uses these Pods! iF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR CLOTHES, BE FOREWARNED THEY MAY JUST BE RUINED BY THIS PRODUCT!
The pods do not dissolve unless you let them sit for 20+ minutes in water before adding clothes
Recently I purchased Tide pods and have ruined many clothes due to the pods not dissolving thus leaving a hard plastic residue on clothing.
Tide pods first time user here. What a horrible product this Tide Pod is. The Tide Pods don't dissolve and stick half-melted to clothes and filter section. How on earth did this get through QA
I recently decided to try out the tide pods, even though they are much more expensive then my regular detergent. My very first wash stained ALL of my white tank tops, and left stains on several other shirts. I carefully went through everything to make sure I didn't accidentally leave something in a pocket.. After several washes with no soap, the stains came out a little bit, but not completely. I decided to give it another whirl, this time without putting any lights in. After taking my clothes out of my dryer and folding them, I realized the pod had got stuck on two pairs of my name brand sweats, completely ruining them. I threw my whole 72 pack container away and WILL NEVER BUY THESE AGAIN. The damage of just a few loads cost me over 200. not acceptable.
As a lifelong, brand loyal Tide customer, I was thrilled when I saw PODS in the store and noted it could be used in HE washers. Following the directions, I placed the POD in the bottom of my washer and placed clothes on top. At least four times, the outer shell has not dissolved and went undetected until after the dryer. What a pain! I have to soak and scrub it out and then rewash to make sure no residue is remaining. I am very disappointed in this product. I find it hard to believe that this did not come up in product testing as others have experienced this as well. I expect great things from PG and Tide and firmly believe you get what you pay for. In this case, I got an inferior product. I will think twice about trying a new Tide product in the future.
I've used other brands and had spots on my clothes and had to rehash to remove them. I thought I would pay a little more for the Tide brand with hopes to not waste so much water. I was wrong! Nt only did I have to rehash clothes that were spotted, also I've had 3 loads I couldn't save due to the pods not dissolving and sticking like super glue. My clothes were stuck together and wouldn't come apart. I was able to run very hot water over some to unstick them and them had to run another cycle to wash it all out. However, I just washed a new set of King size luxury Egyptian cotton sheet set and the same thing happened again! I tried to separate the material but again it was like glue and TORE my NEW sheet! I'll NEVER RECOMMEND OR USE AGAIN!!! Furious!
Our family made the mistake of trying Tide pods after the Christmas holiday. My husband got a some very nice performance fleece pants and shirts. We used the pods for weeks with no problem. All of a sudden the load with the fleece came out of the dryer with dried plastic all over it. It seemed to stick mainly to the fleece items but ruined pants and socks as well. We didn't know where the plastic had come from till we looked under the light and saw the ultra violet color to the plastic. Now my husbands new fleece is ruined and can not be replaced because these types of items are seasonal and no longer available in stores. My husband was very disappointed...thanks so much for ruining his Christmas.
I have used the Tide Pods for over a year and they were great in the beginning and now due to the pods not completely dissolving the goop has built up in my front load HE washer. I do not overload my washer and the pods leave a goop on the clothes. I just washed a blouse on normal setting and there were clumps of goop on the blouse. I am so glad I saw it because the set of sheets were ruined because the heat front the dryer caused the goop to harden to the sheets. I tried to wash them again without a pod and the dried goop would not come off the sheet! I ran several empty loads with bleach to clean my washer. Will NEVER use pods again! Just terrible what happened to my clothes bedding!
I have had 5 different articles of clothing ruined because of the pods. Not all of them dissolve, about half stick. I will never buy them again.
I got these, wanting to simplify my laundry room, having a pretreater, oxi, and tide pods, but its not meant to be. I read the instructions, and followed them to a T. My laundry came out with the casing fused to my husbands clothes, and with blue dye all over. I use soft water, and a great washing machine, so what gives I have resorted to pre-dissolving my easy and simple pods before I add them to the wash. I am doing this, just so I don't waste them. I am really unhappy, as other tide, especially Tide Ultra white and bright with bleach was rated really well. I am just so upset that all my husbands work close were destroyed. If this is happening to you, I advise you to get ride of them, or dissolve them immediately before use. Really shocked that this is a tide product.
I purchased the 57 pod container because I was attracted to the 'ease of use' and 'no mess' aspects of a pod vs. the individual measuring and frequent spills of traditional liquid and powder detergents. All went well initially, but then the pods started sticking together and sometimes broke open when pulled apart - not easy to use, nor non-messy. Then the pods started leaking while still inside the container, making it very messy and time-consuming indeed to get detergent into the washing machine. The last third of the pods then devolved into a gooey mess of partially filled pods and completely empty pods, all stuck together, and immersed in a lavender-colored liquid in the bottom of the container. They are totally unusable. What a disaster.
Am a second generation Tide-Only user, and this is the first time I have not only been dissatisfied but actually disgusted in Tide's performance. These pods are a slimy mess! I have a year-old front loading washer, and when the cycle is finished, there is a glop of colored goo in my front rubber gasket. Cold water wash is the worst. I experimented today to see how long it would stay there before dissolving when I ran more loads (if I didn't wipe it out with a paper towel), and the colored slime never dissolved through 3 more wash loads! Unfortunately, I had bought the 90-pac size of detergent, so I am stuck with it, although I returned to the store and bought both the liquid and granulated traditional Tide. PG, you really let me down!!
I bought a container of Pods with hopeful anticipation of making my laundry time a tad bit more convenient. However, after washing many loads in various temps and settings, I have decided I hate those Pods. The Pods film does not dissolve, even in hot water settings about every third washing or so. When I open the door, the film, with a bluish goo all over it, is left up front by the door. I have to clean up the aftermath, and pray it doesn't get on my clothes/towels. I have resorted to only using it with my towels in hot water, and it still does the same thing. Can't wait till I've used them up. This design shouldn't have made it to the production phase with it's apparent design flaw.
I have used a store brand of pod and had no problem. Tide has always been a strong, effective detergent that I grew up with. Thought I would try the Tide Pods. The 1st load, my quilt came out of the dryer with areas that were stuck together w/ blue stuff. The 2nd was cotton underwear, had a pair that again was stuck together with something blue that had melted onto it. The plastic POD did not full dissolve,melting onto the garment/quilt. I could pull the quilt apart, but the underwear were ruined. I have this very large container of PODS that I will need to pre-dissolve in a cup prior to use in my front loading washer. I will not buy the Tide Pods again, but will by the store brand.
I tried 4 different loads and all pods did not dissolve. The pods actually stuck to mine and my family's clothes. Its disgusting and ruining my clothes.
I'm not sure one star is fair or appropriate but this issue needs attention. I have used Tide pods and am on my third large container. Up to now I loved them they are quick, easy, effective and it avoids the dribbles that inevitably happen when my husband starts a laundry. BUT...this container is full of pods that are stuck together and/or leaking and is useless. Given the time of year I would guess they were in a hot truck or warehouse and the outside film disintegrated. I would be happy to send pictures. Regardless, I would appreciate knowing whether they should be returned to the store or where to get a refund. Fix the problem and I will return as a loyal full time user. ykckby
I am a loyal Tide customer and have been for many years. I started using Tide pods about 6 months ago. I had clothes occasionally show up with weird purple stains. I thought something had been mixed in with my light clothes by accident. I just recently discovered when washing something in a very small load of all whites that it is the pods making the purple stains on my clothes. It is impossible to get the stains out. Even soaking the clothes in chlorine bleach doesn't get it out. I am so disappointed and I really don't want to go back to powder or liquid. I have no choice but to do that or switch to a brand that has pods with no dye. I have definitely purchased my last Tide Pods, at least until they come out with a dye free version.
Remember when some genius at the Coca-Cola company decided to change the formula for Coke 'Classic' And it was a huge failure Seems the same person is now working for PG as I have used Tide for years and am now checking out all my area stores to try and find the original formula Tide.... This ActiLift formula has spotted several loads of clothing, as mentioned on many sites, including this one. Even with putting the detergent into the water and letting it agitate before adding my clothes, I have several articles which have blue splotches on them,which is weird when you have ONLY whites in the load. If I can't stock up on the original formula (LOVED the Coldwater one) I will be changing to a different brand!
Like everyone else, I bought it for the convenience factor. Grab one, toss it in the washer and walk away. I had been using them for a couple of months with no problem until about a week ago. I was washing an expensive duvet and pillowcases. One of the pillowcases had melted plastic stuck to it surrounded by a huge orange spot. Ive tried everything to get the plastic off but nothing worked. I have finally accepted the fact that they are ruined. I told a friend from work what happened and she said she had to pay a plumber to unclog her pipes that had been stopped by the plastic pieces of these pods. Does anyone know if Tide will compensate for damage caused by its products
Using this product in a new GE high efficiency washer that is less than a year old, simply put, clothes do not come out clean. I first noticed a problem when underwear washed with Tide HE in hot water still smelled unwashed, bad body odor. The odor really becomes noticeable when the clothes warm up on the body. Apparently, Tide HE does not get out the body oil and skin particles. For colored clothes - polo shirts, slacks - Tide HE will only do a satisfactory job if it is augmented by a scoop of Oxyclean. In all cases, the machine was set for extra long soak and double rinse cycles. In the same machine using the same setting, Arm Hammer laundry powder produced very satisfactory results without any additive.
I liked the idea of these to make laundry easier and to eliminate any waste with my powder but they have been a total fail. I started noticing that my husband's work clothes came out of the wash with dirt and odors and I had to rewash them. Ultimately the pods stained and ruined an entire load of whites with pink spots. I wish I had read the reviews before using them since many people have mentioned having that problem. I also wish PG would offer some solutions on their website and not comment that they have not experienced that issue in testing. Looks like enough folks have had the problem to warrant a solution. I threw away the package and went back to my powder.
Every time I did laundry at least one article of clothing would be covered in a gooey, thick substance (outer layer of the pods). My clothes are ruined! I would not recommend these!
That's what I would give this product if I could. I am a very busy mom of 3, and always in search of ways to save time, money, and clean-up. I was thrilled when I saw a new product on the shelves at Sam's that would help me avoid the mess that comes with the larger, spout containers that I normally buy, and had no qualms about buying the big package, because I trust the Tide brand for quality. Well... lesson learned. One pack didn't get a load clean, so I had to switch to two. Then I noticed that the packs weren't dissolving completely. I tried making the loads smaller so there would be more water to dissolve them, hoping I could find a way to use the packs until the box was finished, but even this didn't help. I ALWAYS wound up with the sticky mess, and if i didn't catch it before putting my clothes in the dryer, I wound up with a rubbery blob stuck to my clothes. After ruining four shirts this way, I gave up and have the almost full box sitting on the laundry shelf, adding to my list of things to dust. So much for saving time- rewashing clothes that have sticky goo on them, and saving money- using twice as much detergent and replacing ruined clothing blew that apart. All that's left to do is to look on Pinterest for craft ideas for my unused Tide Pods.
After finally trying Tide Pods I found that they leave marks on the cloths and they do not dissolve completely causing me to have to rewash laundry. Which is a waste of time and money.
Pods are horrible! I got a large container of pods as a Christmas gift - I usually use liquid free. The pods do not dissolve the entire way in my front loader. Even more frustrating, my husband keeps telling me he is noticing NEW stains on our clothes (he does all the ironing). I just did our queen size sheets - when I went to put them on our bed, the fitted sheet had a large area of blue hard plastic melted onto it - I had to rewash the sheets. I am giving the rest of the container away. I cannot keep doing this anymore. I also dislike the weird smell the pods leave on my clothing.... just very disappointed. Will definitely only use liquid.
I loved the concept of throwing one little pod in and getting clean, fresh smelling laundry. I knew it sounded too good to be true! I just bought a bag of the ocean mist pods last week and have used them in my new Kenmore Elite front loader and they don't dissolve all the way and end up sticking to clothing! This has happened with a white load and two colored loads - so different temp settings. The first time I chalked it up to user-error and figured I didn't put it deep enough in the drum or something. The second and now third time I realize it's a definite flaw in the product. Will never use them again!
Using hot or cold, the gummy, hard to remove mess is horrible. Can't scrub off residue with hot water toothbrush! When you have to re-wash 2 or 3 things twice, waste of time and money No more!
I use tide for every load of laundry. I was super excited to try the new pods. I used them for the first time this weekend and ruined an entire load of laundry. The 'test' load of towels washed fine. The next load of laundry is ruined. I have three pairs of ruined lucky jeans, a limited shirt, bras and most of my tank tops. They have streaks of 'wet' all over them and were actually sticking together. No matter how many times I have re washed and soaked the clothes. They are ruined. I am beyond mad I trusted this new product and wish I hated liquid tide enough to leave the brand completely. What a waste of a product
I bought the pods looking forward to the ease of pods. What a huge disappointment. I have 4 ruined pieces of clothing and 1 sheet that I cannot use due to undissolved pods that I missed and went into the dryer. There were 3 other items that I caught and didn't get dried. These things are not dissolving in my HE front loader, even on small loads. Probably lost 100 worth of laundry. Also did not do well on a piece of laundry that was smelly. Came out of the wash still stinky! What a waste. They need to be removed from the shelves or designated only for top loading regular washers. I'm going back to the liquid.
when i got box it was covered in tide. Completely empty. When I got the replacement bottle it was also opened in transit with tide everywhere. Why cant walmart train their employees to tape lid so this wont happen. Done buying tide on line
I wanted to like them bc of their convince but they ruin your clothes. It leaves a plastic residue on your clothes. It doesn't matter if you use cold or hot water.
I have used the powder tide all my life and it has always cleaned my clothes. Whites are whiter and colors have always been brighter. Recently I purchased a frontloader washer that requires HE detergents. I started buying the HE liquid Tide since that's all you can find in my area of town. This laundry detergent is a disappointment. My whites are dull and dingy and the colors are blah! I miss using my original tide. If a consumer is forced to use HE products with their new washers then I expect Tide to produce a product that is as sufficient as the original Tide. I do not recommend this product at all.
I've used Tide my whole life and always loved the smell. I thought I got a bad bottle (Tide liquid with touch of Downy) because the smell was disgusting and stuck with the clothes even after wearing them. Finally noticed the cap said Acti-lift so I went back to the store to get one without, but the entire stock has it. At least give us a choice! I don't have kids, I don't get stains on my clothes, I just want my normal Tide with a fresh smell and no crazy chemicals stinking it up. I won't buy another bottle with Acti-lift, so if that's all there is I will have to switch brands for the first time.
Never bought Tide because I just could never afford it before. Found the new Pods at Sam's Club and thought it was a fabulous deal and so happy that I could finally use the best laundry detergent out there. Well,,after numerous attempts to try to get the blue stains out of clothes, sheets, etc., I had to go and buy Oxyclean to add to the laundry that I had to rewash. It finally worked,,,but now I have a box of Pods sitting there next to the cheaper brands that work just fine! Wasted my hard earned money! And please don't say I didn't use them right, I even tried squishing them in my hands and stirring the water to avoid the stains! UGH!
There is no way that Tide did extensive research and found long term Tide users actually preferred the new scent over the original!! It is just awful!! Anyone I know who has ever used Tide has always used it because of the great scent so I just don't believe that consumers would have wanted to change it. I'm beyond disappointed that you changed the scent and even more so that you continue to advertise it as Original. It is not the original scent so you are misleading the consumer. I just returned my bottle thinking it was a mislabeled batch but realized it wasn't so now I will be switching brands. Shame on you, Tide!!
I received a sample of Tide Pods when they first came out. I used them and found they were so much more simple than liquid. I am a Tide user and have been for a very long time. I used Tide Pods for about a month and finally I had to admit that, simple as they may be, they don't work. They stick to clothes. They don't dissolve completely in cold water. My laundry did not smell fresh. I have gone back to Tide liquid and I will stick with that. Tide pods are a great concept. They just need a lot more work before I would even consider trying them again.
This product seemed great, easy to use, cheaper, a lot of bang for your buck. However, after serveral loads we started to notice spots on our clothes. Like grease spots. After the use of spray and wash spots still showing up. On the front, back, side, Everywhere. Also, we noticed hard plastic like material on our clothes. Ugh, now we have at least 5 ruined shirts, 2 jackets. I would recommend Tide do more product testing. This totally sucks. Prefectly good clothes ruined by this stupid product. I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE!!!!
I looked up the reviews here to see if anyone else was having my same problem with the pods, and sure enough, here it is. The Tide Pods gave my white jeans purple spots all over them. I rewashed them without detergent and the spots came out but that is more cost to me for having to run the washer/dryer again. They also leave a white residue on clothes that I ended up having to scrub off by hand, which was time consuming. We have 5 teenagers and started using the Pods due to getting tired of cleaning up detergent that was spilled. Looks like we're going back to cleaning up detergent. Thumbs down on this one Tide.
I tried a small bag of Tide pods to see if I liked them. They seemed to work OK, but not as well as the liquid, but I purchased a larger quantity for their convenience. I only used 3 of the pods from the larger bag, and when I unzipped the bag for another load, they had all melted together into a pile of gunk. Also noticed pink stains on my sheets and didn't know what caused the marks until I read the reviews and put two and two together. I have used stain removers and other detergents on the stained sheets to no avail. Very disappointed, since I could always count on Tide for the tough stuff.
I have purple stains on three t-shirts and one blouse. These items are no longer wearable in public. I have tried 3 different commercial stain removers and one home made stain remover to no avail. I finally broke down and used bleach (twice!) to see if the stains would come out. No such luck! I am incredibly disappointed with the pods and will never use them again. These pods could not have gone through a very thorough product testing or the testers would have realized the problem with the purple staining.
This product was great for the first 10 loads I did. The next 2 loads I did, the packets did not dissolve all the way leaving a sticky residue on 2 of my sweaters and then it hardened to a stiff blue plastic mess on the clothes. I really loved the product but learned that they are not reliable and I had to re-soak and re-rinse both of the sweaters twice to get the product out of the clothes. Bummer waste of my time :( Especially because I don't have a washer/drier in my apartment and had to go to our building laundry mat! Stick with Gain, Apple Mango Tango folks!
Absolutely hate this product! I was done washing my clothes so I put them in the dryer. When I took them out I noticed a hard light purple spot on my clothes. I soon realized that it was what was left of the pod. It apartently did not disolve all the way when they were getting washed so when I dried my clothes they were little hard spot on multiple clothing. So I washed them again with a liquid digergant from a different brand, and it turned out great! No hard spots and I didn't have to wash my clothes twice. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
These are a great idea, but smell absolutely DISGUSTING. Makes me think of all those perms I had in the early 90's.I don't think it's the detergents, it's the stuff the pod is made out of, so when you pick it up the smell gets all over your hands. I use fabric softener as well, so after the clothes are dry I can only smell it if I hold something up to my nose and take a hug wiff, but it's still there just a little bit. I'd love to continue using this product (I notoriously over-pour detergent), but unless they fix the stench I won't be buying another pack..
I'm a long distance trucker looking for an easy solution to carrying liquids and powders in the truck. Pods look like an ideal solution, taking the place of a two products I would use for an optimal wash, a detergent and a brightener like OxyClean. But according to the reviews, the outer part of the pod doesn't dissolve fully and melts into your clothes permanently, ruining them. Then the bluing agent may also not dissolve, ruining your clothes even more. A lovely idea, poorly executed. Didn't you people do your research I'm not buying junk like this.
I followed directions exactly, putting 1 (or 2 for XL loads) in my washer before putting in my clothes. So far, they have left blue and orange marks on a bath mat, an expensive shirt, and bedsheets.
When washing in hot water with my white clothing the purple in the pods stains the clothing. It is never a full load so it is not from overloading the machine. It is possible there are stains on my dark clothing too but I just am not seeing it. The website says it can be washed out...it can't. The stains are set. A simple solution would be not to put a color in the solution in the pods! There are alot of complaints about this on the internet, so many people are having the same problem. Tide really needs to discontinue this product or fix it! DONT BUY THESE!!
As directed, I put the pod in the drum first, then clothes. Both loads so far the pod melted on my clothes and I needed to rewash. I really wanted to love these, but they're a waste.
Tide is the only detergent I use. I have tried many others and am always disappointed. However, I am disappointed in Tide Pods. My husband noticed he was getting blue stains on his white T-shirts and we weren't sure why, until we noticed the stains were the same color as the color in the Pods. We always make sure the pods are in the bottom of the washer so they are able to dissolve. This was very disappointing to us...we loved the concept, but we won't be buying the pods any more, especially at that price.
I have used these for a while successfully. Now they are not dissolving properly and my clothes require rewashing.
We typically like the quality of Tide, but the pods were a big disappointment. First use ruined two clothing articles. Not sure we'll gamble on using any more from the package.
I do not recommend this product. I wash my clothes in cold water, before putting my clothes in the machine i throw the tide pod in and it has sat in the water for 15 min and will not dissolve. I have to physically put my hand in to squish out all the contents before putting my clothes in the machine. If i do not do this i get a stain circle on my clothes. I have ruined 3 articles of clothing and i am not impressed. I hope that tide come out with a better product for next time.
I tried these pods for the first time while on a business trip. On a new pullover shirt pods left residue ie goo because it got wrapped up in my shirt. I used them in a white load and pods left purple blotches on almost everything. The commercial washer was not overloaded and was using warm water. These pods are clearly a bad product that ruined my clothes at very worst time.
As many others, I used the Pods and my clothes came out of the washer with purple gunk that left stains. Stain remover and soaking has not helped. I see from this site that many other have had the same experience. Response to the reviews say that Tide is confident that the fully dissolve...hmmm. I think I'll use something else. Maybe I'll try again if Tide changes the formula.
I started using tide pods almost a year ago and loved them until recently. Now all my whites are coming out with purple spots all over them. I'm going back to liquid even though I love the convenience of the pods. Tide has a great idea but need to improve on their idea. A lot of stained clothes will be ending up in the landfills. Can't even donate to charity due to stains.
I have been using the Tide Pod's for the past couple of months and this is not the first time I purchase them either. Recently, I found that one of the pods was melted to my sweater, and some of the left over detergent had transferred on to my other clothing. Very upset as I cannot replace the sweater or remove the melted-plastic-like podcasing from the fabric. Looks like some further testing or guidelines need to be made regarding which types of fabrics these Pods are not suitable for!
We have been washing clothes for decades and have used Tide exclusively for all of these years. We recently switched to Tide Pods and immediately noticed bluish/purple stains appearing on clothes, bed sheets, and wash cloths. The stains seem to be particularly bad in the perspiration area of shirts. Numerous clothes have been ruined. The Pods are always put in first, we never overload the machine, and the washers are less than two years old. There is a problem!
Incredible! I read the reviews, followed the instructions, added extra water to the wash, have a new washing machine and still get the spots on white items. PG doesn't do this! Please admit it is a mistake and take the product off the market. My husband worked for the company, we are stockholders and this does not come close to the values we expect in products.
How can you change the scent of Tide HE Original That would make it NOT original anymore. The new scent is awful and smells like bad perfume. Your customer service answer was to buy Mountain Spring instead because that has now become the original scent but you don't sell it in HE formula! What a laundry disaster!
In 3 loads the Pod did not dissolve stuck to clothes, ruining them. Yes, I put the Pod in the bottom of the tub did not overload. Soaking in hot water did not fix it!
I have always used tide liquid in the past and thought that the pods were just easier than pouring out liquid. I get soap scum on them and have to rewash when I use cold water. I have been using warm water to use them up so the scum from the pod is still there but it seems to peel off when I use warm water. I will go back to the liquid.
I bought a bottle of Mountain Spring 2x Tide, and was astonished at the strength of the scent. It is so strong that it makes me sneeze. In fact, the other day I wore a pair of socks washed in this detergent - everything else had been washed in something else - and I was able to clearly smell this Tide all day! I do not want my detergent to overpower everything else. I will not buy this product again.
Purchased you Tide pods (90 I think in jar) and have discovered today that some of the pods leaked and made the other pods in jar stick together and are impossible to separate and therefore impossible to use as intended. A REAL GOOIE MESS. Such a disappointment. I believe your pods need more study before they can be marketable. I placed them on the self in a dry area but the pods did not survive. VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED. About 80 of the pods are useless now.
I was excited about the new Tide Pods when I first saw them on the market. That excitement quickly evaporated when I realized my light colored clothing were being stained by the Pods. I have had to throw several light colored pieces of clothing away due to the stains. I only use the Pods in my dark colored loads now. When they are gone I will not purchase them again. I'll stick to my liquid Tide I have used and trusted for 20+ years.
All of our underwear has turned purple, then today I washed a very expensive set of sheets and they are stained purple in about a dozen places on both sheets. Why do you have to have that purplish blue dye on the pods I think you have a great product except you definitely need to remove the dye. If not I will be forced to buy another brand without dye. I can't afford to buy all new clothes and it does not wash out even with bleach.
The Pods sounded like a really good idea. Upon their use, however, I found that the material that encases the detergent doesn't always completely dissolve. When this happens, it tends to go right into the dryer with the clothes, and then it sticks to the fabric. If the fabric is 100 nylon, it sometimes even melts. I have holds in some of my slacks and panties now because of this oddity. I won't be buying this product again. Ever.
We have been trying the new PODS from Tide as we have used Tide products for many, many years. Unfortunately we have had a lot a bad results...many shirts from different loads have been ruined!! The staining looks like bleach stains. I am fully aware there is no bleach in the PODS, nor do we use bleach for other loads.I wish I had read the reviews before I used it...but didn't bother since we have loved Tide for numerous years!!
I am a regular tide user and bought the Tide Pods to take on vacation. They left horrible blue spots on all of our laundry. After rewashing several times, it came out of the colored clothes, but the whites are ruined. Will never use again!! Not worth the risk and the loss of some great clothes.
I received a sample in the mail and I also went to the store and bought myself an 18 pack because I was excited to try it out. The sample pack didn't smell but the 18 pack smelled like a bad perm. I think its mostly the exterior that smells. I am disappointed because the sample worked so well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Usually I use tide sport. Wanted to use up the Tide pods I had. I had two pacs of tide pods that were YELLOW. One of the pacs were unopened. I'm sticking with Tide Sport. I'm done with Tide pods.
We've had problems with the pods no completely dissolving and then we have to attempt to dissolve the remaining pod that's on the shirt and rewash.
When I used the sample of Tide Pod, I included a pair of shorts that had baby spit-up on them. When I took them out, the spit-up was still there! Not just a stain, but the actual spit-up! I was able to wipe it off the shorts with damp rag AFTER I washed them with the Tide Pod. I will say my clothes came out smelling nice, but I have no faith that they are actually clean. I would never purchase this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have never use anything but tide since I learn to wash on the old wringer machine. My husband has tried to get me to use cheaper brands, but I could never bring myself to tried them, since I was satified with tide. Now I am not phyical able to do laundy , My husband is doing it and guess what he uses, of course its tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Have used this product for months with great results but lately the pods are not fully dissolving and have left plastic residue on my clothes. This residue is impossible to remove. I will have to stop using the pods until they correct this issue.
PODS are ruining our clothes. Either a chunky residue or streaks from the blue orange die. Nothing comes out!
I also experienced the Pod not dissolving and remaining on the clothes in two separate washes. Both involved cotton Tshirts. Remaining outer coating of the pod turned to glue like consistency in the dryer and caused the fabric to stick to itself.. Blue stain remained. Fortunately reactivating the area with water loosened the remaining outer coating. Product is unpredictable.
The pod didn't dissolve entirely and ruined the fabric
I have used a couple packages of your new pods. They do not completely disssolve and leave a film. .I washed a pair of new slacks that are machine washable. The pod did not dissolve and the plastic was melted on my one of the legs of my pants in the dryer which I will now need to go replace. Tell me how I can restore my pants and how to prevent this from happening again.
Worked great with heavy soil in cold water in a front-load machine. Really liked the convenience and performance but the scent is overpowering! Sons (14 and 16) would not wear clothes from this load because of the strong flowery smell. Had to rewash entire load to remove the scent. Would highly recommend an unscented version. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Waste of time and money. I had to rewash some of the clothes. I could tell which clothes were mine and that of my teenage son (sniff testfail). Had to rewash his. I hope the store will give me a refund :-(
This product has a problem. It leaves blue stains on white or lightly colored (ex. light yellow) and other garments. And subsequent washing with Tide Pods or Tide detergent doesn't resolve the stain. After decades of using only Tide I will be looking for another detergent. I really hope you can get this problem solved.
I have used liquid Tide for a long time, but the Pods looked as an item to make laundry even easier. I followed the instructions to the letter, but the pods did not dissolve. The pods were attached to my clothes. I had to wash all over. What a mess. I expected better from a company that promotes so many worth while products.
I LIKE MY REGULAR DETERGENT THANKS. THESE PODS ARE WRAPPED IN A PLASTIC I DO NOT WANT IN MY WASH MACHINE OR ON MY CLOTHES.
Had HE washer for 2 years and tried your HE product. Found it would not rinse as well as regular product and had musty smell. Clothes smelled bad after use. Called Tide. they said leave the door open after use. Switched back to reg detergent. Would like to try again. maybe i did something wrong.
glad other people found the same problem after using Tide He. Since it uses less water to clean, the fragrance should be lessened by half
I bought the Tide pods a week ago and the first time I used them when washing new clothes from christmas. Bad idea!! my daughters new american eagle jeans are ruined because the plastic pod did not disolve and it melted to her jeans. they now have a hard plastic and blue stain on them.
I just really was not happy with tide pod, i felt that it really didn't make the clothes brighter and the stain remover didn't really work! i love tide products but not this one:(
I liked at first, thought it was great I did not over use. But now I get blue stains on my cloths. I have to keep re-washing. Had to go back to the regular liquid Tide.
Tide Pods left purple stains on all my white cotton garments - especially where the garment has been in contact with underarm deodorant - the stains are permanent!
I am a long time Tide user. I usually use Tide liquid original scent for HE washers. I tried the Pods and at first they were great. No drips, easy to use and the same tide clean. After a few weeks my 7 year old broke out in a bad Eczema rash all over his shorts area, armpits and belly. He's had Eczema in the past but we've had it under control for a few years and it was never this bad. After some detective work and elimination I realized it was the pods. I will use Liquid Tide again but not until his rash is gone. For now it's organic dye free scent free stuff. Just wanted to let other mom's and everyone know that the Pods are not for sensitive skin.
I rushed to the store to but the Tide pods. I went washing right after I purchased them. I was skeptical that my load would not wash properly by one Pod so I put two pods in the washer machine. I notice that there was no sud/foam build up in the water from the pods and when I got the clothes out the washer they did not smell like they were washed with tide detergent. I will admit the clothes did not have a bad odor but I did not smell tide in my clothes. I feel they need to make these pods more concentrated and maybe bigger and reccommend more than one pod for the average wash.
I bought Tide PODS after a friend said they were easy to use. I have a front load washer so I read the instructions twice to be sure I could use PODS with it. I put the POD in the washer, then loaded the clothing in. After the washer finished up I opened the door to find a slimy whitish pink substance. Figuring it might just be from one of the kid's items I threw my clothes in the dryer. Upon removing the clothing from the dryer and folding them I found two of my white TShirts had blue and orange stains all over them. Very disappointed in Tide PODS!
I bought these because I liked the idea of just tossing it in the wash and going. That didn't last long. After my first load of whites turned blue, I lost my excitement about the product. I hate wasting stuff that I have already purchased, so i stood at the washing machine and made sure that the packet completely dissolved before I would put my clothes in. Lost the convenience factor. I finished the bag I bought, but I have not used them since. Just buy the old fashioned bottle.
We were very disappointed with our tide pods experience. Upon opening the container we realized multiple pods were stuck together. Trying to remove the pods from each other, the sacs began to tear open. This causes us to have to use multiple pods together. We buy tide expecting a superior product over other brands. This is a clear defect in the manufacturing of this product. The concept is great, but design needs some further thought.
I always use Tide--my favorite laundry detergent. My husband accidentally bought this. So problem 1 is that the packaging does not make it obvious that you are not getting the Original ordinary Tide which is what I like. I used the stuff anyway because I was too lazy to take it back. It cleans just fine but I cannot stand the smell--I had to wash everything again to get it out and some of the scent is still lingering. Ick.
I bought Tide pods to try. I have a front loading washer. I will NEVER purchase this again. I have tried using the pod with hot water, cold water and warm water. It just doesn't matter what water temp. I used, blue stuff was left on the clothes. I had to rewash each load to get the blue off each item. I do think pods are too expensive and a royal pain to use. I definitely would not advise anyone to waste their money and buy this.
I am a mom of 4 boys, so I do a lot of laundry. This product is horrible. These pods do NOT completely dissolve. I am using the hottest water possible to avoid this, yet my family is constantly finding the plastic coating embedded in our clothes, towels and sheets. Forget about using cold water. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. I am using the pods I currently have and never buying them again. Tide should not sell these pods on the market.
I received a tide pod sample in the mail. I was excited to try it as I love the little cascade pouches. I followed the directions on the package, putting the pod in the washing machine drum, then the clothes. After the load was completed, a blue sticky, gooey substance was left trapped under the door seal. A major disappointment. I use a front loading washing machine as described on the package. I will not be purchasing tide pods! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Several loads have had to be rewashed as the pod ended up being stuck to my clothes like socks, sheets, shirts and other garments.
I purchase the Ocean Mist pods and was very disappointed. The pods were stuck together and when I tried to pull them apart they tore. Detergent poured out. This was a real mess. The ones that didn't tear did not provide the cleaning power I expected from Tide. I will not use this product again.
I have had a problem with blue staining on some of my garments after washing with the new acti-lift detergent. (both white and light colored items) I have washed these garments several times in various temps with the hope that the stains would come out, but they are still there.For 30 years I have been pleased with tide. I am now afraid to wash anything other than old stained clothing with this product.
Only works in HOT water, apparently. The package claims this product works in all temperatures, but obviously it does not. Misleading info on the package.
I bought two new t-shirts in dark colors. When I washed them there were little spots all over the shirts that looked like grease spots. I have tried every kind of spot removal to no avail. They are now every day work shirts. I have two daughters that have had the same problem with Tide. I will only use it on my whites and towels.
I'm very disappointed with the performance of the Tide Pods. The pods do not completely dissolve causing the clothes to stick together and when re-washed, it still remains stuck on the clothes .Therefore several pieces of clothing have been ruined. I also think the Pods are expensive. Would not recommend .
so disappointed. Tide usually a good product. Cannot dissolve in front loading washer. tried tying in a washcloth, tried putting in a sock. Still had plastic sticky residue on my laundry, not just the washcloth or sock. Did not matter if using hot or cold water, still had consistent sticky stuff.
It smells awful, like a bargain-brand detergent. Love the unscented Tide liquid HE, though. How about a fragrance free version of the Pods This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Do not wok leaves blue stains on clothes I use one pod for load.
Okay I have used this product for several months now. I live with other people and have noticed more and more that my clothing and more importantly my Expensive sheets are fading.... it almost looks like bleach spots. I first ruined a load of t-Shirts.... Very strange but I thought maybe someone used bleach in the load before.... To my surprise, I have ruined 3 sets of nice sheets...... I Love tide and their products.... it is a great brand with a mostly great reputation. I am quite particular when it comes to doing laundry... and I ALWAYS put the pod in first and start the water on at least warm to help the Pod get started.... that just made sense to me.... I have always used these in a front loader washer and I have suffered the discolored clothing/sheets in both. Again, Love Tide but not using or recommending this product to anyone...Please fix this before others ruin their clothing too. :(
I had run completely out of detergent and had to go get some new detergent. I saw the Tide Pods and thought that would be wonderful, we do a lot of laundry so that would make it a lot easier on us as well. I tried to use my first pod this morning, I have an HE washer and it says approved for HE, I dropped it in the washer, added my clothes and about 10 minutes into sensing as my washer says, it just shuts off. I've never had this problem with my liquid Tide detergent. I was really excited to buy these new Pods, but was very disappointed when trying to use them. I wish I would have read the reviews before I bought them, I would have just stuck to my normal liquid detergent.
Tide pods first time user here. What a horrible product this Tide Pod is. The Tide Pods don't dissolve and stick half-melted to clothes and filter section. How on earth did this get through QA
Pods get stuck to my clothes and do not dissolve completely. It has ruined several shirts. I have front load washer, and cannot add pods to water first. Not a happy customer!
can't stand stupid movies and shut it off after 10 minutes. Got this movie on a recommendation of a friend.
very good disks ,better than tv.i believe its a good dealshipping took a few days its in your mailbox
This seems to be a replacement for the Non-Aerosol Flexible Hold Hairspray that seems to no longer be made. A BIG Mistake !!!! This new version of the hairspray is under such great air pressure that it blows your hair allover the place from 3 feet away... further than my arms can reach. They also only allow 400 characters for doing a review.... also ridiculous !
I received this complimentary from Influenster for testing. This product is supposed to have a level 5 hold but it has no hold at all in my hair.
This product worked great, but the smell was awful!
i prefer a more light weight hair spray.
I do not use a Hair Spray, so it is of nouse to me
I received this in a Beauty Box. I was excited at first because I could keep it at work. It doesn't hold and the odor of the spray is horrible.
I noticed when I used this hair spray that if I touched my hair later in the day I would have flakes. It did not hold well at all.
sprays unevenly, makes my hair very crunchy in spots and weighs hair down. Would not purchase this product at any price.
Summary says it all. It's just not a favorite.
This did not hold my style long enough.
I like Pantene Products, but this hairspray didn't provide enough hold.
I couldnt even tell if it was coming out of the can....It did not hold my hair at all...if you dont want to feel the spray in your hair you might like it but for me...I want strong hold.
can not use allergic
As an African American woman, I don't use any hair spray directly on my hair. It doesn't make it manageable. Hair spray makes my hair hard to comb style. For me it hinders the growth of my hair. I use it on any synthetic wig hair to hold the style.
I appreciate the different variety of products included in the beauty box, but who uses hairspray anymore Nobody I know (family, friends, co-workers) uses hairspray. Thank you though.
This product is like putting a can of air on your hair, no hold at all. The sent is very strong. Will not use this Pantene product again. I do use Pantene shampoo products.
When I used this trial size bottle a few times, I notice the nozzle started getting extremely sticky and eventually the top fell off. Due to the stickiness. It also leaked all over my other products. Maybe I got a bad bottle or something. But I was not very pleased with it. When I first used it though, I thought it came out great and sprayed and spread out great. I would not recommend this bottle to anyone.
I usually love Pantene products and I ALWAYS love tiny purse size hairsprays but I was very sad when I sprayed this product and the scent was strong...stronger than my perfume...and in my opinion, kind of smelly! I quickly donate this can to a bag I had for the needy
I didn't like the smell nor the fact that the spray output is so strong that it blew my hairstyle out of place!
This seems to be a replacement for the Non-Aerosol Flexible Hold Hairspray that seems to no longer be made. A BIG Mistake !!!! This new version of the hairspray is under such great air pressure that it blows your hair allover the place from 3 feet away... further than my arms can reach. They also only allow 400 characters for doing a review.... also ridiculous !
This seems to be a replacement for the Non-Aerosol Flexible Hold Hairspray that seems to no longer be made. A BIG Mistake !!!! This new version of the hairspray is under such great air pressure that it blows your hair allover the place from 3 feet away... further than my arms can reach. They also only allow 400 characters for doing a review.... also ridiculous !
I thought this would help my hands that always dry out so easily - it says it's Burt's Bees Ultimate Care Hand Cream right on the tube, after all. It didn't. My hands ended up flaking peeling with this stuff. Other Burt's Bees hand creams have worked wonders for me, but not this.
I thought this would help my hands that always dry out so easily - it says it's Burt's Bees Ultimate Care Hand Cream right on the tube, after all. It didn't. My hands ended up flaking peeling with this stuff. Other Burt's Bees hand creams have worked wonders for me, but not this.
I thought this would help my hands that always dry out so easily - it says it's Burt's Bees Ultimate Care Hand Cream right on the tube, after all. It didn't. My hands ended up flaking & peeling with this stuff. Other Burt's Bees hand creams have worked wonders for me, but not this.
I tried using this several ways&#45;&#45;both on wet hair as a leave&#45;in and also as a styler and as more of a shine serum on dry hair. Both on wet hair and dry, I got a lot of frizz. It was almost as if the two layers in the bottle re&#45;separated on my curls and then forced the individual hairs with the different halves of the formula to repel. My curls love oils, but they didn&#39;t like this stuff at all!
Unfortunately, the L`Oreal Paris EverCurl Silk &amp; Gloss Dual Oil Care product was disappointing. I used this to aid in finger detangling in separating my hair prior to washing. When I spayed and massaged the product into my strands, my hair felt oddly felt more dry. When I went about actually detangling, that&#39;s where I got the most trouble. My coils absolutely refused to separate from each other. I felt like if I used more force, I would&#39;ve ripped my hair. This product just didn&#39;t do anything it promised it would.
I recently tried this product for my naturally curly hair and was extremely disappointed. The product was lightweight and brought a nice shine to my hair. However, the product also created an unmanageable frizz and seemed to take the curls right out ! I have used other curl/conditioning sprays that were better, but thought I would try something new. I hate that I wasted my money.
Unfortunately, the L`Oreal Paris EverCurl Silk & Gloss Dual Oil Care product was disappointing. I used this to aid in finger detangling in separating my hair prior to washing. When I spayed and massaged the product into my strands, my hair felt oddly felt more dry. When I went about actually detangling, that's where I got the most trouble. My coils absolutely refused to separate from each other. I felt like if I used more force, I would've ripped my hair. This product just didn't do anything it promised it would.
I tried using this several ways--both on wet hair as a leave-in and also as a styler and as more of a shine serum on dry hair. Both on wet hair and dry, I got a lot of frizz. It was almost as if the two layers in the bottle re-separated on my curls and then forced the individual hairs with the different halves of the formula to repel. My curls love oils, but they didn't like this stuff at all!
Just didn't care for 3/4 of the songs
i used this last year and it would wear off by the end of the day and you could tell that you were wearing powder. i recomend using the clean line, it goes on evenly and helps take care of your skin while u wear it!
This power was the worst purchase I've ever made. It had very very poor coverage, and wiped off on everything. Do NOT purchase this product.
I have no problem with the powder itself. My problem is with the sponge. The gray backing hurts. The edges are sharp and scratch when applying around your eyes and nose. I had to throw it away and use my old one, which doesn't make me happy.
it dried too fast felt caked on and broke apart and it was quite pricy
I bought this for the first time bc i thought maybelline had far better products that others at the drug store but i sure was wrong. Seriously the way it came out made me almost cry. it is so bad and so ugly i can't believe i wasted my money on this. very disappointed!! don't buy. i don't usually listen to reviews or make any, but this was way too bad to not write down
I was intrigued by the thick or thin option on the applicator, so I bought it in black. It was watery, no matter how much I shook it, and it took several coats. The thin option still turned out thick, the applicator was really bendy which made it harder to apply. But the worst part was trying to take it off at the end of the day. I could NOT get it to come off, even with eye makeup remover. I finally had to pick and peel it off, which hurt! Trying to get it off my eyelashes was even worse. I won't be using it again.
I have been searching for a good purple liner for a long time now. If it's a shade of purple, I buy it. How unfortunate that I spent money on this. Awful. Just awful. It's so watery... almost clear. There is not even a hint of purple. I'm a pro at cat eyes... this wouldn't even make a visible line. I applied it like 6x on each eye. It dribbled (yes dribbled) down onto my lashes. I'm still peeling it off my eyes and eyelashes 3 days later. I came on this site to see if I was doing something wrong. Yeah nope. Don't WASTE your money.
My mom got this for me for Christmas as she knows I'm always in need of eyeliner but I am HORRIBLY dissapointed in this product. I consider myself very well versed in terms of makeup goes, the watery application, the felt application tip and the heavy, crusty, feeling after the eyeliner dries dissapoint me to no end. Horrible product, if you're looking for a cheap drugstore eyeliner, skip this one.
This eyeliner was horrible. It was so watery looks like water color paint. I would not recommend this Maybelline product. Their other liquid eyeliners are pretty good though.
Worst liner I have ever tried. Smells super strongly of chemicals, is super watery, and very sheer. Bought three colors (teal, green, and violet) and only one was alright but after about 20 minutes of wearing them my eyes got very irritated and stung a lot. Not to mention it was very hard to apply, and I'm not someone who struggles with liner. I couldn't even remove it with makeup remover, I had to PEEL it off as if it were leftover eyelash glue. Don't even get me started on the applicator. Pointless shape, too flimsy, I could go on. Don't waste your money on these.
Ok so I've been doing eyeliner everyday for 2 years now and this has to be the worst eyeliner I've tried honestly it's super difficult to apply with that stupid ball at the end of the applicator if you're looking for a cheap liner I'd definitely go with Rimmel or Revolon 100 This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It just peeled off and was hard to put on because the brush doesn't hold enough liquid. I wish I could get my money back. I'm really disappointed because I was so excited to try it out finally.
the eye liner is too watery . and when applied, it takes a very long time to dry. Also when tried to remove it, gotta scrub a lot causing pain. this is going back . the worst product ever by Maybelline.
This is not at all what is shown in the picture. I got the 'Violet Luster' and there is no color and it takes many layers to just get it to show on my eye. Be careful what color you buy.
I've never been so disappointed in a makeup product. This product was extremely watery, leaving it opaque and impossible to get a solid line. Do not buy this product!!!
When i got home to try it the liquid was so runny even if i shook it really well. the color when i applied it was so thin it looked awful. i will not try the master duo again!
I did not like this product at all... The formula is extremely weird, the dried liner can almost be PEELED off, it isn't very pigmented and the coloring wasn't consistent.
I am so mad and sad its so watery and wow you all have never let me down like this . ITS HORRIBLE come on maybelline I'm so disappointed
I swear this is dirty water in a container. Then it dries up on your eyes and comes off easily. Unfortunately I have slightly sensitive skin and its caused redness under the eye.
This is barely pigmented, and incredibly watery. It ran all over the makeup I'd already applied, and gave me no benefit whatsoever.
It's great for the first week you use it. Then it becomes dry and irritating. It will flake off during the course of the day. Awful.
What is this This is the worst eyeliner I've ever used. I would rather wear elf or wet n wild eyeliner than this
Very disappointed. The wand is great, I love that it can go from thick to thin but the liquid liner itself is terrible. I looked like I had been crying and it was running. I had to let it dry and try to apply more. Could have been awesome.
After shaking well as instructed the product is watery. It takes forever to dry once you get it on. Taking it off even with makeup remover it's like peeling off a layer of plastic that gets all in your lashes. The applicator is useless.
this eyeliner shouldn't even be allowed to get one star. I bought it because I loved the vibrant purple it said it was, however, when I used it, the color was a water, pale purple and you couldnt even recognize I was wearing eyeliner.
I never use eyeliner and wanted to have the new cool trend. But this product made my eyes swollen and watery. I do not know what they put in it but it must the same stuff they put in red lipsticks to make them last longer.
The eyeliner (regardless of shaking the bottle) was too runny and took forever to dry. The bigger problem was that it burned when I applied it. I haven't used it in 2 or 3 days now, and my eyelids are still burning. Two thumbs down.
I wanted to like it: I used violet luster and was disappointed. There was hardly any color! I could barely see the purple in the application though I did like the brush. It looked almost watery and probably could peel off.
i wish I would have read the reviews before buying this. it goes on okay but then it becomes sticky, similar to left over eyelash glue. I usually don't buy Maybelline products, I remember why now. what a waste of money!
I tried the liner on my hand when I got home and color wasn't as vibrant as I thought it would be. It's basically gray. It doesn't last. It's a shame the product is no good. I love Maybelline but I want my money back.
One of the worse eyeliner ever used. Bought it to replace my stiletto eyeliner, to try something new. Use it if you want a monolid intermittently throughout the day. First time buying it and last. awful product!!!!!
This eyeliner is extremely watery, becomes sticky after drying, takes forever to dry, and as soon as it does dry it flakes and gets gross. I've tried it in both black and green and both were flops. Save your money
I'm very disappointed with this product. It is suppose to be black but instead is light grey and the brush is really loose and bad quality. The worse part is that I bought 3 at the Rite Aid in a promotion.
I love the black liner and I was stoked to see colors. I wasted about 10 on the teal and violet. They're colorless, super watery, and I wish I could get my money back but I already threw the packaging away.
The Idea of the foam tip is good but the eye liner itself is horrible! It is runny and watery. You have to apply more then one layer to make it look decent. Even then I would never wear it in public.
The formula for this product is awful. It's runny, thin, and takes FOREVER to dry. It looks like watercolor paint and it makes me look like I've been crying. Ladies, don't waste your money on this.
I was looking to try a purple liquid eyeliner. I was excited when I saw Maybelline made one, as I am usually very satisfied with this product. When I applied the liner, I saw literally no change in the appearance of my eye. It all flaked off and went directly into my eyelashes. Some of the flakes fell into my eye and it burned. I applied some to the back of my hand to see if I needed to apply it differently to my eyes and saw little to no pigment. It felt very sticky and all I had to do to remove all color was rub it off with my finger. No pigment was left on my hand after gently rubbing my finger across the line I made. This is quite possibly the worst eyeliner I have ever used. I am disappointed in Maybelline.
if it was possible, i would give this product zero stars. i was so excited when i saw this because i have been looking for a glossy eyeliner forever. i have been using eyeliner for years and consider myself pretty proficient at applying it, but i was shocked at how this went on. the liquid was very Watery for lack of a better word. even after applying several coates it still didn't give me a solid line. they claim that the applicator allows you to make a thin or think line, depending on how you hold the applicator. not true. also, the worst part was that it burned my eyes!!!! hopefully customers read the reviews before buying this product.
This eyeliner was too bendy, the consistency was not good and was very streaky, the more you put it on to get it to look better, it made it worse, I love liquid eyeliners but this one in particular is not worth the money or time
This eyeliner stinks like alcohol and spreads horribly. I returned this for my money back.
I was so excited to try this product since I love liquid liners and I was searching for one in purple. When I tried it out it was so very faint I thought I hadn't shaken it enough. After a rigorous shaking session I tried again, but with the same result, barely any pigment at all and it was drippy too. This formula needs to be thickened up and get more pigment. It looks terrible! I guess i will stick with the gel eyeliner in eggplant, even though I would prefer to have a liquid liner. Bummer.
I am a huge fan of many Maybelline products so I was excited when I saw the ads for this eyeliner. I purchased the purple shade, but it was so thin and watery no matter how much I shook up the container. Rotating the container as directed also failed to cause any change in the thickness of the line which was almost transparent. I'm unable to use the product since I need dramatic makeup for my work as a musician. I had to go out and buy a different brand. What a disappointment!
I usually don't give horrible reviews but this eye liner was one of the worst I have ever tried! The wand doesn't glide is weak bendy making a very imperfect line. The liquid itself dries on shiny then flakes off soon after. Unworthy product.
Finding a good shade of purple liquid liner is proving to be nearly impossible- and unfortunately- this product is practically transparent, gloppy, and lines nothing. I've applied six coats and you can't tell the difference between the eye that's lined and the eye that's not. It's rather appalling that Maybelline is even charging for this product- that's how bad it is. If I could give this no stars I would. It's a colossal waste of money
The wand bends so it is hard to control where the eyeliner goes, also hard to get a sharp wing.
I purchased the black and fell in love with it. I figured I would try this one in violet. I can't wait till Monday to contact Maybelline. There is no color to this. It was like putting on slightly purple water and my eyes are burning. I wash my make up off every night and actually thought I had pink eye this morning. Horrible product!
Usually when I spend money on liquid eyeliner I expect it to last me months, as it should, considering I only use a little bit on my eyelid 4 days out of the week. Your master duo eyeliner was alright, I liked the applicator. But it only lasted me a few weeks. Not worth the money, I'll go back to the brand I bought before this.
The eyeliner skips when you put it on so you have to add multiple coats, even then not always getting a full line due to skipping. It doesn't dry quickly either and comes off on my eyelash curlers when curling them. I don't recommend this product.
Tried the product because I was looking for a colored liquid liner (violet luster). The product was very watery and barely laid down any color at all. It was pretty translucent, not what you want in an eyeliner. I had high hopes because I really like the Line Stiletto liner, but this was majorly disappointing.
I tried the purple shade. It was awful. The liner was watery with little to no pigment. It did nothing but run into my eyelashes which made them a gloppy, clumpy mess. Some of the other colours might be better, but I'm not going to waste any more time, effort or money with this bad product.
I wish I could get my money back !! I got this in Violet Luster. It: is watery wipes off smudges with the slightest touch doesn't glide on smoothly goes on thick no matter which side of the pathetic excuse for an applicator is used is poor quality and is expensive.
I will never purchase liquid liner from Maybelline again. This liner is Watery and the supposed double wand is awkward To hold and maneuver. I'm a seasoned liquid liner gal and I know this product is not user friendly. Not worth the retail price.
Bought this eyeliner because I liked the idea of a thick + thin applicator, but the liquid is AWFUL! The black looks OK, but takes FOREVER to dry + there's no way to be precise with the applicator. I also bought it in purple, but that's transparent!
The liner liquid bleeds into your extensions, clumps, sticks the lashes together, and hardens them. My new extensions were ruined. Non-oily remover or soap will not remove the liner. You can't use oily remover, which dissolves the extensions' glue.
I've given this eye liner two tries with purple and black and both times I've been miserable with my purchase. The purple is nothing like the shade advertised, and the color in purple and black came uneven. The black was also leaking from the bttom
I got black lacquer.didn't like it! it wipes off , too watery,doesn't glide on smoothly, drys too fast ,it goes thick no matter what side I used.it was a waste of money .I wish I can get my money back!!! The only good thing is that my sis return her
First few days I used it, I loved it! But after about a week the liquid starts to dry out and get clumpy. There is very little liquid in the product as well. This product is not worth the 7-9 it costs. Don't buy this product. Waste of money.
I've been using liquid eyeliner for 7 years now and have tried many different types of varying prices. This is worse than the cheapest one I've ever tried. It quickly becomes this flaky and shiny substance on your skin, which doesnt last.dont buy!
Never bought Maybelline but after seeing the commercial about this eyeliner I just had to have it. I bought it in voilet and this is THE most watery stuff I've ever seen. It doesn't show any color at all!!! Worst I've ever come across to be honest.
Do not waste your money - this eyeliner is horrible. The Violet Luster looks beautiful on the wand, but it is watery, almost translucent and goes on poorly. Wish I could return it! Removing it is also very difficult - its almost like plastic!
THE WORST liquid eyeliner. I was shocked at how light the color was. So I shook it violently in hopes of mixing the color more to be true. Nothing changed and it ended up sticking to my eyelid and pulled off like a strip along with lashes.
I pretty saddened by this product. I've used the product for a week now and I've broken out in so many pimiles! I usually get around 6-10 pimples a year. I am currently battling 9 on my face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Although I love the feeling of Total Effects on my skin, I don't think I look any younger. Maybe it's just that I look at my face every day so I don't see a difference, but maybe I was just hoping for miracles. I'll continue to use it as I like the feeling and smoothness, but I don't feel it's made me look younger. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First of all, I am 32 years of age, never smoke, never been drinking, every body say I look young, I never use anti-age product before so I thought maybe It was time. I use it for a week, but it give me so much pimples that I had to stop using it. Even if I'm 32, don't think my skin is enough mature to use anti-age product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I suffer from Perioral Dermatitis flare ups, and unfortunately after using this product once- my skin was red and hot. I had to wash it off right away, unfortunately the skin infection still flared up some :( I can't blame the product though, my skin is sensitive to almost every cream I've tried in the last few years :( This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have used Olay products since I was a teenager. For the past few years, I used Olay Definity and LOVED it. After it was discontinued, I was told to that Olay Total Effects was a good substitute. There's no comparison. Total Effects is greasy and never absorbs into my skin. By the end of the day, even my bangs are dripping oil. Bring back Definity!!!!
I was very excited to try this product since it's not even in stores yet! Also I am very skeptical about these anti aging creams! I applied the product everyday but after 4 weeks, I didn't notice any real significant difference! I'm not really surprised because I've never had any success with these types of creams! So in my opinion I would not buy this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was quite excited to try this product as I have heard great things. I used it for a few days and then ended up having a skin reaction. It was unfortunate. I gave this product a 1 out of 5 just because of that. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been using the cream for about a week now and it has make my skin break out! I am sure it is the cream, since I have not changed my diet and I rarely ever even get so much as one pimple. I stopped using the cream and my skin went back to normal. However, it was helping reduce the look of pores and fine lines. Unfortunately the side effect made it unusable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I loved this moisturizer the first couple weeks but into the third week I started to break out and it just kept getting worse. My skin is sensitive and I do have problems trying new creams. Some block poores worse than others so i guess this one does too. If you don't have acne prone skin you might be fine but if you have sensitive skin, I don't recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Ant-Aging Moisturizer smell awful. Having to wear it was unbearable for me. I cannot attest to how it preforms as I could not complete the time required. I would however try the unscented version. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I honestly only used the Total Effects 7 in 1 moisturizer once. The smell made me gag. The moisturizer was incredibly greasy and I woke up the next morning and had broken out. I really wish I could give this a better review. But for me this just did not do it for me. I have had good experiences with Olay in the past, but the products I have used must have been a different scent or scent free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was eager to try the Olay total effects lotion. Unfortunately, my sensitive skin was not as eager to be introduced to this product. I tried applying it at several different times, however the reaction was consistent I got a rash. So, no Olay Total Effects for me :( This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this product has too much perfume scent in it for me. I prefer a moisturizer that is unscented or a light scent. The scent in this product was so overpowering for me. The day after I tried this product my face broke out which that never happens! I think it had something to do with the high scent in the product. I would recommend this to others only if they like something smelly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I received this sample, which i was looking forward to try because i like Olay's products!! I am very disappointed as i haven't seen no changes at all. My lines are all the same ......I even did it for 10 days because after 7 days, i didn't see no difference.... It does make you skin feel hydrated and soft. That's pretty much it! So , honest opinion, don't spend your money on this product if you want results! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well I was excited to try this product but sadly I had a bad reaction to it broke out in a bad rash! So I had to stop using it :( I have never had issues in the past with Olay products I will still purchase from the brand but not this particular product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've avoided using Olay products for years as I have combination skin and, regardless of the type, it always seems to work well at first but then my face gets an oily sheen. It's unfortunate, as I'd love to be able to use a more affordably-priced facial moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This lotion has a lot of promise, it's light weight feels great and smells great. It is non greasy and it's small size is easy to fit in your purse. How ever it really irritated my skin making me break out with horrible painful pimples so I had to discontinue use. I feel like this would be great for someone with less sensitive skin such as myself. I only gave it one start because personally it didn't work for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was so excited to use this. I tried the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer as a night cream as I have to use my day creams for my Rosacea. I woke up and my face was swollen. I've never had a cream do that to my face. Under my eyes and cheeks were very puffy. I was so looking forward to using this product and seeing a difference. :( I hope others have success with this and look forward to reading their reviews on BzzAgent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've been using this product for a month now. I see no signs of improvement. This product is expensive. I've used other products that have worked much better. But I trusted Olay. I will never buy this particular product again. Maybe I should have tried another type of Olay, but I can't afford the price. Thank You.
OLAY Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. Is not for my sensitive face. I tried it off and on for a week. And every time I broke out in a rash:( And my sun spots got darker :( :( Unfortunately I just have sensitive skin and should've know better then to try something new. But I would like to find something one day that won't hurt my face. Thanks for the sample. And I'll past on the little I have left to a friend to see if they like it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
As i said in the Bzz Report earlier, i tried this product for over a week, but I'm not seeing the promised effects in the advertising. i have had breakouts since I began using it and at my age, this is really not acceptable. I am ceasing the use of the sample and going back to my previous moisturizer. I expected a different result and am disappointed. This won't stop me from trying new moisturizers in the future. I think that this is just a bad trial for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I've had the opportunity to try a few great campaigns from BzzAgent and they have all been positive. This is the first one I'm not happy with. Unfortunately I had a bad reaction to the product ( rash and swelling) and I can't recommend it to anyone. Obviously pictures are not a good idea. I know Olay is a very popular brand so I am sure this is not the norm and obviously my skin does not agree with the product. I have given it 1 star but only because it can't be blank. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Unfortunately this product did nothing for me :(. Wrinkles and age spots are not my problem but I would love to have brighter more even skin with smaller pores. For me, I saw no difference in my skin and family noted the same thing. I am not sure if this is a product recommended for oily skin (which is what I have) but although it was a decent moisturizer as I was able to use it under my make-up, the moisturizer I was using before works better and leaves my skin feeling fresher. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was asked to test Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer This product has a very nice fragrance to it. It is a little strong. My skin doesn't feel very soft after and within a couple uses I started to break out. I am not typically one to get many pimples however after trying this product they were appearing everywhere. I discontinued using it after 4 days. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer had a faint smell of un-burnt tobacco. I was unable to continue using this product because of this odor, as it was applied to my face. I cannot attest to its claims of being able to fight the seven signs of aging, such as fine lines , age spots or uneven skin tone. I wish it had a more pleasing odor. I was however happy to be able to try this product for free. I have been looking for something to help fight signs of aging. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product would be a great for someone with normal to oily skin or great for my skin if it were summer. This dried out my skin so much that I had to stop using it so I can't give a review on anything this product is claiming to do. It smells great and it absorbs good it just doesn't have the amount of moisture my skin needs during the cold winter months. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think Oil of Olay Total effects 7 in 1 Anti aging moisturizer is not for everyone. I loved the smell and the texture of this product but I could not stand it after 2 hours on my face. Might be my skin type but it made my face and neck extremely oily, I would have to wash my face or use a tissue to mop up the oils. My skin is already on the oily side and I don't think I was compatible for this product, Although the bottle itself is easy to use and convenient It just wasn't meant to be. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product seemed great at first I had super soft mosturized skin but within a week I had such a bad breakout from it that I had to stop using it. I had very large painful boil like acne that is taking forever to get to clear up. I washed my face very well before each application but this stuff seemed to trap in any sweat and clogged my pours. It also gave me a shiny look which is surprising since I have naturally dry skin and slight eczema. I had high hopes for this product but was extremely disappointed. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have always used iLike for my skin care needs but it has a very high price point. I was excited to try Olay Total Effects Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I gave it 2 weeks to see how my skin would react and see if those fine lines would go away! I am sorely disappointed. It did not live up to my expectations. My crows feet are growing like crazy. My freckles are showing like never before. I am using more concealer than ever before. I broke with tons of acne. I will say it had a nice feel going on. It had great texture. Bottom line, not my favourite product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So, I was excited to try the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer that I received for free for testing purposes. It felt nice when applied, went on smooth absorbed wonderfully! However, it smelled very fragrant (which gave me an almost instant headache), broke me out terribly and made my skin itch :( I would like to see Olay work towards more fragrance free products (as fragrance is very irritating to skin! and can also cause headaches)... I discontinued use right away, so I cannot state if what it claims is true. GotItFree This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was so happy to test Olay cause i'm a daily user of their products. But quickly i found out i really hate this cream. It Smell awful and did absolutely nothing good on my skin. The bottle is too small to test long enough i think. i'm very very sad to give a negative point of view but i have to be honest because i respect Olay a lot. I just wish they will consider our opinion and ameliorate the Moisturizer before selling it This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this product is an average moisturizer and nothing more. After trying it for four weeks and being excited to minimize fine lines and restoring firmness, I was extremely disappointed that it did nothing more than any other moisturizer out there would. The cream does go on smoothly, but I just couldn't get past the smell of it! I guess my hopes were too high going into the project and I believed their claims. I seriously could not notice any difference after the four week trial. I wouldn't waste my money on this one! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was expecting a little more from this product. I usually use an Olay face wash, so I thought I'd be pleased with this lotion. I found it to be very greasy and it caused both my husband (yes, he tried it too lol) and I to break out. I also got a red rash over parts of my face that I used it on. Neither of us have overly sensitive skin and I can't remember the last time I got a pimple, until now! In the end, neither of us would buy this in the future and we'll stick to what we're currently using until something better comes along. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Unfortunately after having to pick this up at the Purolator office, and finding out later that I could have called in to arrange a second delivery, I was already a bit put out. But I washed my face for bed and tried this Olay cream. The following morning I work up with two pimples and a dry patch on my chin. I tried a second night, using some hydrating serum and I still woke up with dry patches. So if you have dehydrated skin this won't be the formula for you. I'm always willing to try new things but in this case, it wasn't a match. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think that the trial sized bottle was too small to give me enough time to notice a difference. I used the entire bottle, once daily for a week. I did not notice a difference in my skin. I was hoping it would help with the wrinkles around my eyes and the two small age spots. Nothing. I did find the scent a little too strong. Maybe if I had two trial sized bottles or one larger one, I would have noticed a difference at the end of the bottle This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have been trying out the Olay Total Effects 7-in-1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, but I haven't seen any changes at all. Maybe it is just because I am in my early 30's and haven't aged yet LoL. While I cannot speak to the product's ability to do as it advertises... I would like to say that it most definitely goes on nicely and does not stay wet and greasy. However, I around the 5th day, I did start to break out from it. I will continue with this sample, so as not to waste it however, I have nothing positive to really say about it. Sorry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product did not provide a lot of change for my skin type. The product has a smooth texture and a pleasant odour. I also liked that a single pump didn't release an excessive amount of product at each time. I am Asian and have naturally young looking skin with no significant wrinkles or fine lines. After four weeks of use, my skin was nicely moisturized, but not very changed with respect to age. So, probably not the best review for those who are interested in using, but certainly not a useful product for those who have a skin type like my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really excited to try Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I am pushing 40 and am noticing the differences in my skin. More wrinkles, dark spots, sagging. I was looking for a product that could help so when I got the invitation into this campaign I jumped on it. It felt nice going on but that is where the positives stopped for me. I found my skin felt very greasy and there was alot of shine, not in a good way. Also, and this is an issue for me with alot of facial products, my face broke out within a couple days of using it. I had to stop. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I feel so bad about giving a bad Bzz report. Everything that I have participated in has been fantastic to date. When I was offered to participate in the Olay Total Effects Moisturizer campaign I was so excited! My face gets so dry in the winter and I was hoping that this product could help me. I only got to use it 3 days and my face broke out in sores. I have sensitive skin but I have never had such a reaction to a product that I have with this. I have given the rest of the bottle to a friend of mine to see how she reacts to the product. Its a shame to waste it. So far I haven't heard back from her. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Honestly did not notice any difference before or after using the product. It had a nice, pleasant scent at the beginning but gradually found it to be overpowering when using the product on a continuous basis. Yes it moisturized well was creamy smooth on application with no unpleasant after feel - you know how some products have some lingering tackiness or film But as for the anti-aging, I didn't see any changes in my appearance. Skin tone did not even out, age spots did not diminish. I guess the big factor was if someone commented on my face looking better but nobody did. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After I started getting massive breakouts after using the product for only a couple of days I figured it wasn't right for my skin type and wrote a review saying as much. I gave the almost full bottle to a friend with much drier skin than mine (who also happens to be about a decade and a half older than me) in the hopes that she would appreciate it more. She hasn't had a pimple in years but within a week of using this product she was having breakouts as bad as mine. Neither of us liked the smell either. I doubt either of us is ever going to use Olay products ever again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I am not to sure if I do not have enough skin problems to see a difference in my skin. I have been using the Olay Tiotal Effects 7 in one for more then 2 weeks and have not really seen any change in my skin. I still have fine lines, my pores seem the same size, I guess I did not really have age spots, my skin is not any brighter. I did break out the first week that I used the product. I personally do not like the smell (there is a fragrance free available) I do not think I would buy this product at this point but maybe is a few years. I would also buy the one with the SPF in it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Great packaging and convenient pump style dispenser. Fragrance is pleasing as well. That about sums up the positives for this product. I did not notice any changes to any of the listed benefits that were claimed. Upon review of the listed ingredients, I am puzzled as to how they can make any claims at all. Even from the perspective of using this product as a basic moisturizer, it does not stand up to my other skin care routine products. Thanks Bzz for the opportunity to try this out! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
So this is my follow up post. I have been using Olay daily. The pros-it smells great. Just a very light fragrance that makes me want to use it daily. The cons however, it is greasy. I tried putting light amounts on and it felt wet to the touch after being on my skin for a bit in other words it didn't soak in very fast and I saw no visible difference to my skin. It is unfortunate as I love Olay body wash and other Olay products. I have to say this one is not something I would purchase again unless they could find a way to make it not so greasy. I am sorry, Olay but this one is a thumbs down. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really excited to try this product because I've had a lot of luck with Olay before, but the smell of this product just really set me off. I'm not extremely scent-sensitive, but the smell really reminded me of products my grandmother would wear, with that odd, off-floral, soapy scent. For an anti-aging product I thought this was a total misstep. Yet, I still tried for another two weeks to see if there were any interesting effects from the product, and I have to say it felt just like a regular, drug store moisturizer to me. Except with an unpleasant smell. So no, didn't really enjoy my time with this one. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wish I was sent the trial size of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 fragrance-free as the one I received was heavily scented and not good for my skin at all :( Since the product will be released this February to purchase, I may pick up a trial size of the fragrance-free formula to test out (but I'm a little wary...) The original one I would not recommend at all for someone with sensitivities/sensitive skin. I gave it one star because it felt very nice when applied, absorbed well and didn't leave that nasty greasy feel. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very hopeful for this moisturizer to be IT.... unfortunately, my face decided otherwise! I have very sensitive and mega dry skin. This moisturizer was ok on the first day, but by the end of the second day, my face was blotchy, red and I even had a bit of excema flair up. I stopped using it after that :( I'm sure Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer worked wonder for many, but for me it was a total failure. :( I did like that the product did not have a strong perfume, it was easy to apply and was absorbed quickly by my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Well, I gave the Olay Total effects 7 in 1 face cream numerous trys, and also tried not using it for a few days in between applications, and still, I get all oily and break out in acne and red dots (it looks like I developed the chicken pox) on my face. The cream also makes my face and neck feel like pins and needles are in it after a few applications. I use a fair bit of make up, so I was very excited to be given the chance to try out a new skin care product that promised to reduce lines and wrinkles, reduce redness and make me look more awake and fresh. Instead Olay total effects 7 in 1 cream made any lines and wrinkles I do have, more prominent, made my face super oily so I would have to apply more touch ups throughout the day, and just made my face feel and look terrible. Olay Total effects 7 in 1 anti aging cream, was definitely made for a specific skin type one I do not have. I would not recommended this to anyone with even mild oily skin, or sensitive skin, based on what it did to me. All said and done, this anti aging cream from Olay, fell short on every single on of its claims, and there are better, less expensive products on the market that do 1000 times better job than Olay total effects 7 in 1. I'm thankful I was given the opportunity to try it out from bzzagent.com, but will never purchase it on my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, which claims skin can look up to 10 years younger in one month. The 7 effects are: 1. Visibly smoothes fine lines and wrinkles 2. Evens skin tone appearance 3. Enhances brightness 4. Minimizes the look of pores 5. Visibly reduces age spots 6. Restores firmness 7. Replenishes moisture It did a decent job moisturizing and it might have increased the firmness (though there was no obvious difference). However, unfortunately I did not see any difference in the fine lines on my face. In fact I didnt really see much change in my skin at all. Im in my early 30s and think it might be better suited for older individuals. It didnt even out my skin tone, it didnt make my skin brighter or reduce age spots. I also had a break out problem and a minor rash during the time I was testing this product. My skin prior to starting this moisturizer was pretty clear so that was very disappointing. I have very sensitive skin, so there was likely an ingredient in this moisturizer that did not agree with me. Overall I would consider this product an average moisturizer, a less than average anti-age skincare solution, and likely not suitable for those with sensitive skin. Im very disappointed, but I will be going back to my regular moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really looking forward to trying this cream as I always see it on the store shelves and I often wanted to buy it and try it. After getting my free sample I am glad I haven't. This cream is definitely not for me. I liked the way it went on my face. It made my face feel smooth and has a nice scent however it left horrible white marks all over. I had cream on my neck, in my eyebrows and on my cheeks. It dried up so quickly and I hadn't even noticed until someone pointed it out to me. I was embarrassed to say the least. I am guessing my dry skin is not one for this cream. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try this because I really was in need of a new moisturizer - and I'm in my 40's and starting to really think about anti-aging products. I have very sensitive skin and fragrance-free and sunscreen are both important to me - and this product claims both. The first day I used it, I was satisfied - it felt good on my skin. I can say it seems to have a slightly pinky tinge to it, and I would say it did have a light scent - maybe they didn't add anything specifically for fragrance, but it does have a mild scent nonetheless. I used it morning, night and morning again, but by the 2nd night I noticed my face was starting to break out. The only change in my life was the moisturizer, so I stopped using it. I waited about 2 weeks for my skin to heal and get back to a healthy state, and tried again. I wanted to see if it was the Olay Total Effects, or just a coincidence. Unfortunately, the same thing happened but in less time. I stopped using it at this point. I can say it has a great feel and texture (not too thick and not too thin) and the scent really is very mild. I'm not a fan of the light pink colour of it, but that's just personal preference (I'm used to white creams I guess!). I would say if you have sensitive skin, stay clear. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very excited to try this product as it claimed to do so much!! I had just gotten home from Mexico and my skin needed some TLC after being in the sun. I'm sad to say Olay 7 effects was not effective for me. I have used it for 4 weeks now with no change in my skin. It may have replenished the moisture to my face, but I found my face to be oily after its been on for a while. I also found I broke out with some white heads on my face as well. This is not at all what I expected from Olay 7 effects and I am sorry to say this is not a product that I would recommend to my friends and family or buy when it is available. This just is not the product for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have given this product a good try before writing this as I know it may take time to see the results. The cream absorbed nicely into the skin without making it greasy, but I didn't see any improvement in my skin regarding the 7 signs of aging. In fact, I got lots of clogged pores on my face at the end of my experience, so I had to stop using the cream, and my face got better in a few days. I am sure the pores were not hormone or food related. It almost felt like it was either building up in my skin or got it irritated. Unfortunately, it didn't work for me at all. However I would use this product as a day moisturizer, and I would say it's comparable with any other moisturizer on the market, just not a miracle one. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very disappointed in this product because it is very heavily scented. I used it for approximately one week and had to discontinue using it as it wreaked havoc on my skin. I do not normally have sensitive skin and have used a large variety of skin care products without issues. I let my skin clear up and tried using it again and experienced the same breakouts/redness as previously so I am certain this product was the cause of my skin problems. I will say I did really like the texture of the lotion and the packaging as well. Unfortunately because I only used it for such a short time I can't comment on any of it's 7 anti-aging claims. I know this product comes in an unscented version and I will likely try that one in the future with hopes I just reacted to the added scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
My sample has run out..and here is my review.I have this product an honest try and this so what Ive experienced.Red,raw cystic acne and whiteheads...something I've never experienced since I was a teen.There was zero improvment in my skin,in vs t the acne and redness obviously would outshine any small cosmentic improvment in my skin.Unfortunately I am maybe one of the 1-5 that I think cannot use this product.I've buzzed about the product to others,but it's hard to be glowingly positive about a product that literally shows its damage to my face.Ive had my bzz score go down because what's expected is a positive review.I cannot say ANYTHING about this product other than 100 negative.I suspect it will take a few months for my skin to return to normal.I want to add the lack of information,handouts etc...or the fact this product is not on the market is another negative that cannot be overlooked.I wonder if there's many of us too embarassed bad that the stuff is horrid,and therefore all ones sees is glowing reportsI'd rather not have fee product to try than not be honest.This is the WORST facial product I have ever used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Thank you for sending my trial version of Olay Effect 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I found the product easy to apply, with a refreshing scent. I liked the fact that it has a slight cover-up feature that did reduce to some degree the look of age spots , uneven skin tones and freckles. This cover up feature also did not clog pores or highlight wrinkles like foundation does. But once I washed it off, my face appeared the same. As with most moisturizers, using it on a daily basis did make my skin feel smoother. To confidently say that it will provide all of it's promises would be a lie. Having a one week trial, when it states that it will make your skin appear younger in 4 weeks makes it impossible to either agree or disagree with this claim. Before considering a purchase of this product I would first like to know if there is a regiment that needs to be followed using other Olay products for best results or if the use of this product alone will accomplishment positive results. Also, if there are actual product users, I would like to hear from them. Good or bad, all comments will hopefully lead me to the truth. Overall however, I find that being able to try a product of any type is a positive thing. One will never know unless they try right This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very excited to try this because I've always liked other Olay products. What a disappointment! The first time I put it on my face I wound up washing it off within an hour because it made my face feel uncomfortably tight and sticky. Today just tried it on my neck and chest and as soon as I'm done writing this I will go and wash it off for the same reasons. Would not recommend this product.
Without hesitation, I purchased I gave this a try. I use OLAY soaps in my daily routine and I have never been disappointed. I have been using this product for over a week now and my face has gotten so dry. I do struggle with combination skin, but this has not helped in the slightest. I have even felt a slight stinging feeling when applying the moisturizer. Maybe my expectations were too high, but I am beyond disappointed.
I tried Olay Total Effects and unfortunately it did not work well at all with my skin. On the initial application I thought it was an ok lotion. It was light and absorbed quickly and did not leave me feeling greasy. It left my skin smooth and seemed to be quite nice. The scent was a bit over powering but livable. After applying it on the second day, I felt a bit tingly and itchy but thought nothing of it as I react the same way to my usual brand of anti-aging moisturizer. However, by mid-day I had begun to break out in small pimples all over my forehead. I am not prone to acne and never have been(not even as a teen). Regardless, I carried on and tried using Olay total effects for one more day. The next morning I had to wash it off about an hour after using it because my skin felt terrible. I'm not sure if it's the perfume or if this product just has really strong anti-aging ingredients but it was too much for my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really wanted to like this product. I am in my early 30s and am taking my skin care very seriously. I heard all the great things people say about Olay and how these products compare to high-end department store products so I was so excited to try this out from BzzAgent. The texture of the cream is very light and my dry skin and provided just the right amount of moisture that it needed. It did not feel heavy at all. However, the next day, I noticed some red bumps on my face. Thinking it was some acne spots, I carried on with the product however it came to the point where I was certain that this product was breaking my out so I had to stop. Instead of wasting the sample, I gave this to my mom to use. She has been a long-time Olay user with no issues and this product is no different. I am disappointed that I wasn't able to try this product out longer and give it a fair shot. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Product feels greasy, and the promise of luminous 20-something skin just doesn't materialize. I think DNA has more to do with the results than this poorly formulated cream.
I was waiting for long time to try this product which was recommended by a friend who tried it. I cannot feel any good change. The pores looks wider , skin tone is much more uneven, no renewal or exfoliation. feels sticky, smelly and shiny. I tried much better and cheaper skin products of natural origin that gives wonderful effects within couple of days of use. I am disappointed because I expected more from a well-known brand like Olay. I am returning it.
As a member of BzzAgent I have had the opportunity to test some really good products-One of such products I have tested in the past is the Pantene BB Creme, I really love this product because it works so well for my hair and I am glad I discovered it through the BzzAgent platform. When I was selected to test Olay Total Effects Anti Aging Moisturizer I was filled with great expectations, hoping that this moisturizer would be another amazing discovery. When my product sample arrived I was quite disappointed because I was sent a sample that was way too light for my skin tone. I do not know how this happened because I selected the darkest shade in the pre-selection survey. I considered using this moisturizer at night as a night cream but then I would have had to use another moisturizer during the day and as such would not be able to validate the claims of the Olay moisturizer. I will be offering this moisturizer to a friend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was twittering with excitement to try Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer from the moment I heard about it. My skin has begun to show signs of aging and with my upcoming wedding I was trying to look and feel my very best. An age spot or two have emerged and the fine lines were beginning to deepen. These were high on the lists of this new product. My super sensitive skin was generally okay with Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer, no small feat. Each day I would wash my skin and apply the product, waiting anxiously for the promised results...and each day I was disappointed. I was hesitant to write this review as I like Olay's products and love being a BzzAgent but I do believe in honesty. I was so disappointed in this product and the lack of Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer's claims to be true that I must give it a 0 out of 5, if I could. After a couple of weeks, it started to cause some small pimples, dry spots and redness. I would actually recommend that people not use this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very excited to try the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging moisturizer because of all the boasted benefits but upon using it for several days, I'm sad to report that I had to discontinue using it. I don't want to give a negative review, but I cannot lie this product is not what I thought it would be. I like the packaging, the texture, and even the smell, but the product made my skin blotchy, and my forehead erupted in many raised pimple-like bumps! My slightly uneven skin tone looked worse than usual, but as soon as I stopped using the moisturizer, my skin went back to normal the next day. No more blotchiness, or bumpy pimply things. I did not BZZ about this product because of my negative experience with it, and I threw out the rest of the Olay moisturizer. I am definitely disappointed with this product, and I'm glad I got to try it out for free versus buying it and hating it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Olay total effects 7 in 1 claims to helps with the look of lines, pores, wrinkles and age spots are minimized, signs of damage also should be reduced and the skin is left hydrated, looking firmer, healthier, more radiant, even and smooth, this is definitely a product that promise a lot and I would have loved to react well to it but I had no chance. I tried this product for a couple of days but unfortunately, with my dry and sensitive skin, this product gave me more acne and my skin was becoming very red at the end of the day when I was removing my make up. When I used it, I mixed the Olay total effects 7 in 1 with my liquid foundation, I thought that it would be a good idea and would help me go faster in the morning since this is 7 products in 1 so I would not have to use all the other products to get to the same results. This product will not become part of my morning routine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product got high rating by paying the reviewers. Please stay away from this product or else u will end up with a burnt skin or pimply face. The strong chemical used are not suitable for normal skin also.
This is the first time I have been disappointed with a product that I have tested for Bzzagent, so I'm not even sure where to begin. I just cannot say that I would buy the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer. I gave it one star to represent the first day I used this product. I was fairly happy, but as time went on, I became more and more disappointed, and eventually stopped using it. I didn't even get through the whole sample that was sent to me. Now, I guess I should describe my skin type, because maybe that is part of the reason I did not enjoy this product. I have very fair skin, and I tend to get very rosy cheeks, so I need a skin-calming moisturizer to reduce redness. I also have sensitive skin, which is dry in parts. I rarely get acne, but my skin easily becomes dry. I have some fine lines around my eyes which bother me a bit, but they aren't that bad. A bigger issue is puffiness around my eyes. The first day I tried the Olay 7 in one moisturizer, I was pleased by its consistency and the scent wasn't bad. I believe it has the classic Olay scent that I remember from my mom's Oil of Olay that she used when I was a child. If not, it is close. It absorbed really well too! My skin felt great, and not greasy at all. Unfortunately, after using the Olay 7 in 1 for three days, I noticed my rosy cheeks starting to become worse and worse. I'm not sure whether this product has sunscreen in it, and sunscreen is a huge factor in my choice of moisturizer. Whether it was from the fact that there is no sunscreen in this one, or a reaction, my cheeks kept getting redder and redder. I don't enjoy wearing a lot of make up on a daily basis, but it started getting so bad that I had to start covering it up with concealer and powder. Then I noticed my nose becoming shinier every day, so I had to wear more make up. Finally, I noticed a pimple on my nose. This was the last straw. I stopped using the moisturizer and switched back to my usual one, and in a few days these issues with my skin went away again. So, to sum up, this moisturizer did not work for me. It's definitely worth a try, but I am pretty particular about my skin because I really don't like to cover up with make up. I'd much rather have a calm, clear complexion in the first place. I would consider trying it again if in fact one with sunscreen included came on the market, but I'm not even certain if that would be enough. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I held off on giving my review because I wanted to make sure that I gave this product a good enough chance so I could do a good review. I was excited to receive this to try out. I was very hopeful that it would do what it claimed to do. Olay is a well known brand and I was positive that it would do wonders for my skin. My skin is starting to show fine lines and my laugh lines are getting deeper. My hopes with using this product was that it would decrease the fine lines and give me a more brighter complexion while moisturizing my skin. As I get older I find that my skin is getting more dry and I was looking for something that would hydrate my skin all day. When I first got this sample I used it for 2 days before my skin broke out. I didn't think that it was the olay so I continued to use it for several more days. I suffer from nodulocystic acne so after a couple days of using olay, the flare up of my acne was not getting better so I had to discontinue using the product. I decided that I would let my face clear up before I would try a second time to see if it was in fact the olay. Going back to trying it out though, I did notice a couple things. I felt that a little did not go a long way with olay. I had to use more then I thought I should have to get coverage. I found that it was not as thick as other moisturizers that I had tried so it was alarming to me that I had to use so much. I did like the smell of it though. It has a nice pleasant smell. Getting back to my second try of the olay. My face had cleared up after about a week and a half so I decided to try olay again. Within 1 day my face broke out in the cystic acne and I was back at square one. I was very unhappy that it broke my face out with huge acne again. I had to discontinue the product. I would have loved to continue but it just does not agree with my face. I realize that this product can't please everyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
A great moisturizer for those with a mixed complection. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have sensitive skin and this product made my skin breakout into tiny bumps. Sad to say I wont be using this promising product :( This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Unfortunately my skin did not react well to this product. I broke out and my face was a mess because of it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
i tryed this was not the one i8 usually use serium 7 for three hours my eyes teared and wart ered and burned. i would not buy this product again.
I really didn't like this product. While it had a fantastic consistency and felt very moisturizing, it caused me to break out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Very disappointed with the product, not only after 7 days did my skin not change but it was a total waste of time. I used it every day and had no change at all This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I didn't seem much difference other than my face feeling smooth after I put it on and I don't like the ingredients.. I prefer something more natural based. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this product for two days and my face broke out. I have sensitive skin. So I would advise if you have sensitive skin NOT to use this product as there seems to be a hi perfume content. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Im glad I got a sample of Olay Total Effects to try because I would not purchase this product. It did nothing for my fine lines or skin tone This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I enjoy the feel of this product on my face. I am seeing some results. However I have extremely dry and parched skin so I've had to layer other products with the olay. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the outcome of the moisturizer is wonderful, if you can get past the smell. The smell was over powering and reeked of an old lady at a casino. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Turns out that my skin is too sensitive for this product (the burning sensation was not what I was hoping for!), so unfortunately I had to discontinue use of this product. :( This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I live in Winnipeg and we have very harsh, dry winters. I tried this product for a few weeks trying to give it a chance and it just did not make a difference. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Sorry to say, but I only used the product twice. It left my face feeling parched and dry and uncomfortable within an hour. Smells nice, but doesn't do anything for my skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The scent was incredibly strong and not pleasant. I had hoped to be able to use Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer as the ingredients looked good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the product for 3 days but unfortunately could not continue. The fragrance was just too much for me. I did like the light feel to the moisturizer - it never felt heavy. Perhaps an unfragrenced product would have been better for me This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product is to perfumed for my liking. I dont usually use daily cream and this one does not make me want to buy one. It is soft and smooth for the skin of you like that kind of product and are in to a harsh flower smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was excited to try this creme and tried it out for 2 weeks but unfortunately I broke out each time. I do not have acne prone skin so this was strange. I didn't find it particularly hydrating either. The smell was nice though! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I may just have very sensitive skin, but this didn't work out well at all. I had to throw it out. It made me break out and made my face itchy. It feels like it's sitting on top of my skin instead of sinking in. I didn't like it at all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really not a fan of this product. Being Olay, I expected so much more. I found my skin felt oily, and did not reduce fine lines, age spots or uneven skin tone. I DEFINATELY am back to my old product again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Got some trouble with my skin when i apply this product. I try 3 times and each is tje same trouble. Skin doing red with some spots white. I stop after 3 tomes. Sorry Because this mark is a beautiful mark. Just not for me This review was collected as part of a promotion.
After ten days of use I completely broke out into bad acne. I have oily skin to begin with so i was sceptical about trying this product. It says oil free and won't clog pores. But unfortunately it caused me to break out :( This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I put this product on my face for one day, and threw it out. The smell was terrible. It smelled like something an older wiser lady would wear. Unfortunately, you didn't win me over with this product Olay. I was very disappointed. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I thought it was very greasy and didn't feel good on my skin. It didn't take long for me to break out all over from it. It feels to heavy and I didn't notice any improvements. I tried it for a week. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I tried the Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti-Aging Moisturizer and honestly, by the end of the bottle I saw no significant difference in my skin appearance. I would not recommend this product or would go out and purchase this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Ok after finally making a decision I don't care for the product. It has made my face oily and have you feeling and not to mention I am now breaking out in acne. I have not had acne in several years. So I will not be buying this product unfortunately. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
this moisturizer is way too thick, and feels as if you are completely clogging your pores. Would not buy again.
I honestly, did not find any difference in my skin, i have used it for about 2 week and I was expecting better results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I really dislike this lotion. My skin felt like rubber and did not breathe well resulting in acne. My skin had a stiff/tight uncomfortable feeling to it. I saw no difference in fine lines, age spots and brightness of skin. Sorry, but this is a pass in my books. gotitfree olay This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was really excited to try Olay Total Effects 7 in 1 Anti Aging moisturizer. Being in my early 40s I am starting to notice more lines and dryness on my face. The lotion was nice and creamy and went on smooth but unfortunately my skin reacted with redness and a hot itchy rash :( This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think Olay Total Effects is overly priced. I have used it and it doesn't do anything special. I Would not recommend this product to my friends and family. My skin has no difference. I have been using it 2 times a day for a week. It makes my skin feel oily after its applied. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Having used various formulations of Olay for the past 20 years I was really excited to try this new product. I have combination skin with some dry patches, ageing skin and occasionally a dash of dehydration. To qualify my review I think I need explain how I introduce a new skin care product to my regimen. I keep everything the same except for 1 product and I use it for a minimum of 2 weeks before I keep it in my routine. Experience has shown me that I will most often either see the beginning of benefits or any complications in that time. I approached the Total Effects in the same manner - it was the only product that I changed. I wasn't really worried, as I said, Olay products were a known entity. On the first few uses I noticed similar attributes - a distinctive scent, texture and how it applied. After about 4 days I noticed a change in my skin - namely more breakouts and red splotches. Which I found odd because pimples are not a problem I usually experience. Hormones Nope. Change in activities Nope. Other life changes Nope. Skin regime Huh... So I stopped using Olay for a couple of days to see if the skin continued to get worst or resolve itself. The red splotches disappeared and the zits started to recede. After about 5 days I decided to try it again - unfortunately the red splotches returned and I had to discontinue using the product. I hesitate to condemn the product - skin is a temperamental devil and I liked many aspects of the product - it's very emollient, the scent while fairly strong is not offensive. Unfortunately I can't tell you about the positive effects as I couldn't use it long enough to give a fair review. Maybe the fragrance-free would have resulted in a different result This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think it was an ok product. Nothing special happened as opposed to my regular creams. Didn't see any difference This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Sorry to say but this product is a disappointment. The pump does not work well and the product itself makes me break out. I have used several times to give it a fair shake but each time break outs occur even had a big lump in the middle of my forehead my husband called me a unicorn. LOL This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think this is not for me. My face broke out so unfortunately I can't use this product so in my opinion this is not a product that I would recommend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I had a hard time with this product, the smell was too strong and irritated my nose for a few hours. I really didn't get the chance to use it long enough to see any differences. The texture was very nice and it felt ok on... A little great at first. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was very dissapointed with this product. First of all, it smelled like an old lady dropped her perfume in the cream. Not very interesting. Second, even though I used the cream every day, twice a day, my skin didn't feel or look different. So that was a let down... This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I think the chemicals in this product was to harsh for my skin. I would rather use a more pure product. That is good for me and my skin. This is something I would want to know before I bought the product. I used the product for a week and didn't like it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Unfortunately I seem to be allergic to this product. I wish I weren't. For the very short time I used it, it did make my skin very smooth. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
It was ok and it wasn't all that because it really didn't work for my grandmother so it was ok
I tried the total effects 7 in 1 moisturizer and was not very impressed. It left my skin peeling and made me break out but without all the skin promises like reducing fine lines wrinkles etc. It had a nice light scent and applied very nicely and moisurized skin but it didn't meet my expectations or the benefits it touts. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
OK who even said this movie is even OK must have lost their mind. This movie was overall terrible/boring. Like from the beginning to the end and to think this was even considered and nominated for OSCARS/ACADEMY awards for best actress. Jennifer Lawrence did not bring it home for me at all!!! Like the dancing part was so awful and insulting to me, being a dancer who respects proper performance, was tunneled in total darkness that the writer would even allow that type of performance to be a part of the movie. BTW, if it wasn't for Robert De Niro, this movie wouldn't even have come home with me (since I'm a fan). And you know what, Robert De Niro was the only thing going for this movie. Comparing to other nominees like the little 8 year old (Quvenzhane' Wallis) who totally rocked it out and came through for her age. I would have totally given her the VOTE AND OSCAR even never having had experience before (a star was BORN). And don't let me go to other movies like COLD MOUNTAIN, OH AND THE IMPOSSIBLE FOR starters who literally made me ROCK AND SHAKE. You know what even Stevie Wonder/Ray Charles would agree with me (all jokes aside). Like this didn't even have a story line that made sense. Too bad I had to give even one star cause this doesn't even deserve one star :( #*%$!/?#%&..........
wish I could get my money back, ,awful movie will never watch again
This movie is so boring I fell asleep twice watching it.
My new copy does not work, there is a flaw with the video.
Because I think they used it all in this entree. Ridiculous amount of salt. Horrible, Would not buy again. Ruined our dinner.
I recently had surgery and couldn't go to our family Thanksgiving, so a relative bought this so I could pop it in the microwave. THERE WAS NO RESEMBLANCE BETWEEN THIS AND REAL TURKEY AND GRAVY. It was a pitiful substitute for food with no flavor and AN INCREDIBLE AMOUNT OF SODIUM. I do occasionally eat microwave dinners, so my expectations were not exactly high, but this was JUST AWFUL. EVEN THE CAT WOULDN'T EAT IT.
I thought I would be getting several slices of the product, but on opening the package there were only four of them, each about 3/16 thick. The package net weight is stated as 15 oz. I did not weigh the slices, but they didn't look like they were 1/4 lb. each. And all four would've easily fit in half the length of the package. My guess is the gravy is part of the net weight. Buyer beware...
Trying to eat it right now. Mixing with mashed potatoes helps, but this is one of the salter things I've ever attempted to eat. I don't live on a restricted first so I know it's not me. Very, very disappointed!
Why must producers always put an excessive amount of salt in their prepared foods. At over 900mg, it's way too salty. Salt is a product that can always be added for taste but not removed by the end user, so adding so much is simply unnecessary and unhealthy.
Too salty. Tried chicken loved it. Love Hormel but this is a bummer
I bought this, and ate 1/4 of it tonight for dinner. I love Hormel products, but this turkey and gravy was awful. It was so salty, and so nasty, I had to throw the rest out. Please lower the salt content, or offer a lower sodium version.
As someone who is very wary of Shampoos and Conditioners with Silicones and Sulfates in them, I was excited to see this. However, after I bought it I looked at the ingredients I found that this shampoo contains Dimethiconol...a non-water soluble SILICONE. So needless to say I won't be buying this shampoo anymore.
I bought this mop yesterday as I needed something that could quickly clean my floors. Rubbermaid usually has quality products but I didn't even get 2 min into cleaning my floors when the handle snapped clean off. I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this.
Bought first one broke after a year at base near swivel bought new one six moths ago it just broke same place good product but cheap parts don't Don't put pressure on it or it will brake, needs to be stronger metal handle Needs to go all the way to swivel.
I got two of these one for my home and one for the rental home. Stop working after a month. I just dump them both.
I enjoyed the simplicity of this product the whole 3 weeks it worked. The trigger stopped working so the solution won't spray. I wasted my money.
I just bought this mop and used it once. It was great the first time a used it. The second attempt to use it one spray can out then the sprayer stopped working. Do not get this mop. It is defective.
I am now on my second mop and to be honest I wouldn't think much of this product the first one broke half ways down and the second one when you pull the handle to squirt out the water it wont stop coming out. Useless product wont be buying again.
Bought this mop a few months ago , worked great up until a few weeks ago. When i press the trigger to spray the trigger won't retract back , thus not allowing me to continue to mop. With a good smack on the container with the bottle it retracts (sometimes) leading to great frustration , I have gone back to an old fashioned mop and it works great , in short I wouldn't recommend this product.
I bought this mop several years ago. I loved it so much that I decided to by a second for our vacation home. The new one arrived and worked great for the first few uses. Then, like everyone has mentioned, the trigger stopped working. My old mop continues to work like a charm. Rubbermaid, please fix the trigger...
When I first saw this mop I was so excited unfortunately the trigger stopped working within the first few weeks and it also started leaking. Not very happy with this product. I did contact Rubbermaid, hopefully they will get back to me with some answers.
I have had this mop for just less than a year and don't use it too often. But it broke where the mop head joins the shaft of the handle. I screwed it in place and it completely broke off above the screw after just a few uses. This is not very durable. The Swiffer mop I had lasted much longer. I used to refill the Swiffer bottles myself. When I saw this I thought it would save me money on mop heads. But if I have to buy a new mop every year or so I might as well keep using the Swiffer.
I purchased the Reveal mop. The pump stopped working on the second use. This seems less than satisfactory.
Just tried and it does not spray. Had someone else try still didn't work.
I bought my Reveal mop about 2 years ago. The head has just broken off the shaft because the little plastic bits the hold it on have sheared off. This is poor design - it should last much longer than 2 years.
After one use, the sprayer will not work. Have kept it to try to see if it could be fix at home but nothing works other than the floor pad. My sister in law has one and has the same problem. Would not recommend this product to anyone.
They DO NOT offer replacement parts for this...The cleaner leaks out of the plastic bottle lid, and makes the floor a soaking mess... You have to replace the entire mop in order to get it fixed. Not recommend
I am on my second mop. Love the convenience of it and being able to mix my own solution but the trigger stopped working on first one so I figured I just wore it out. Bought a second one and broke first time using it! Not happy. 8 months pregnant and washing floor on hands and knees now!
I purchased my reveal mop approximately 1 week ago. Since we have a dog we mop at least once a day. After just 7 days of use the spray feature, which is why I purchased it, no longer works. The spray handle is loose and seems to be disconnected from whatever it is that actually makes it spray.. I am on disability and can not afford to purchase a new mop weekly.
I liked it until after a few uses the sprayer broke. It doesn't spray anymore and you can't find replacements of the small scrub patch anywhere!!! You can only find the mop pads!!! This is the second version of this mop I have bought and they both failed in these two ways. I'm so dissapointed because this could be a really convenient cleaning instrument if it weren't for those two things.
will not last more than 2 months. used no more than 5-6 times and the sprayer quit working.
Terrible product the spray nossle stopped working after 2 uses. I will be going back to the swiffer
Mop worked for a few weeks 1 or 2 times a week after three months the pump failed.
Not even 1 month old. Sprayer will not spray. For the price, need much better quality.
I bought this about 2 months ago and the sprayer will not work and it has not got a ton of use
bought it a month ago, used it maybe 10 times and the trigger no longer works. Waste of money
After 6 months of use, it no longer sprays. Problem appears to be in the trigger. Don't buy
Used it for a few months and then the sprayer stopped working. Also started leaking.
I am very disappointed. Every time i use it the liquid just leaks out the back of the mop.
Terrible. The bottle collapses when spraying causing the spraying action to fail. This is my second one. Great idea - if it worked.
I purchased this spray mop and the dispenser mechanism locked up within 2 months, now I'm off to the store to buy a new spray mop....garbage!
BOUGHT THIS MOP AT TARGET TODAY AND THE HANDEL BROKE OFF. FIRST TIME USING IT. IT SAID ON THE PACKAGE NEW AND IMPROVED. SAVE YOUR MONEY.
After approximately a year the head broke off. If you have replacement parts then I would be interested in hearing from you
Horrible I used only a few times and it doesn't spray. Do not buy if your smart. I wouldn't even give it one star but I had to.
Loved the idea with dogs running in and out of the house but soon the sprayer failed and now it's just plain frustrating to use.
I loved this mop until owning it a month. The sprayer fails quickly and the pressur quickly collapses the refillable bottle.
I bought this mop with high expectations, used 5-6 times and the trigger now doesn't work,very disappointed.
I loved it! Then the sprayer stopped working. So disappointed. And I just bought extra pads for it. Useless now.
The bottle does not attach securely to its holder. It is absolutely useless. I am returning it to the store for a refund.
This mop doesn't last very long because the spray trigger just stopped working. I won't buy another one of these.
I bought it a month ago (don't use it every day) It just stopped working, very disappointed.... Would not get it again
after using a few times, it stopped spraying. took it apart to see if there is a clog, everything inside was clean.
This mop has no life span at all. Agree with other post. Starts to leak like crazy making it totally useless
I got two of these one for my home and one for the rental home. Stop working after a month. I just dump them both.
This mop made it 9 months before the spray trigger stopped working. I should have checked the reviews first.
I would give it 0 star if I could. This is my second one. It quits spraying and the trigger doesn't last.
The mop sprayer seems to be an issue. The sprayer will not work. If you get that fixed it will be a great mop!
I loved the Reveal mop the first few times. Then it jammed up and won't spray. It also leaks. Wasted my money.
Worked great for the first couple uses then trigger gets clogged EVERY single time, to much of a hassle.
the third and fourth times i used it it won't spray i get to frustrated with it so will go back to wet mopping
This is the second one that the mop head just broke off....I will not replace it again. The concept is great...but the lifespan is short.
My first use was great, just what I wanted, it did a wonderful job. Sadly, the second time I went to use it I pulled the spray trigger and it broke.
In the last 3 years I have gone through 2 of these mops. The handle keeps breaking because it seems to be made of a plastic composite and hollow on the inside.
I enjoyed the simplicity of this product the whole 3 weeks it worked. The trigger stopped working so the solution won't spray. I wasted my money.
Mop and idea is great, easy to use and does a good job cleaning, however sprayer quit working after approx. 10-12 uses. Very disappointing!
I bought this loving the fact that it does not use batteries. Which the other brands wet mop does. After 2 uses the spray handle quit working.
This gave out two weeks after we bought! Would not recommend
Piece of junk, don't work at all. Use a mop save your money!!
Good design, poor quality. Cleaning product leaks everywhere ...
We like the mop but trigger broke after four months.
The trigger stopped working after 5 uses. Really
I LIKE HOW ITS WORKS, BUT IS MY 3RD WHICH IS NOT WORKING AFTER 2-3 MONTH. THE MAIN PROBLEM IS THE TRIGGER, STOPS WORKING AFTER A WHILE. I WISH THEY WILL MAKE IT BETTER.
I have bought 3 Reveal Spray Mops and like the last two the sprayer stopped working. If it is going to only work half way they should charge half the price....just saying.
I have had this spray mop for less than a year, used regularly, but not excessively. It no longer sprays, and began to stop spraying for about 2 months. Regret buying it!
Very disappointed with this mop, I used it a total of 5 times and the handle broke off. It was a total waste of my money, which is hard to come by these days. Not happy.
I bought 3 reveal mops over the last 4 months for my cleaning business they all broke either the handles broke off or the mop snapped In half after a few weeks of use.
I have owned two of these mops now and both broke at the handle base. When the mops worked they were great but sadly they are not worth the money is they keep breaking.
just recently bought this product after a handful of times using it, the sprayer stopped working. whats the sense of buying a product with a sprayer if it doesn't work..
A good concept but the item is made of plastic that after a period of time just breaks. It would be a great product if the item was more sturdy and not cheap plastic parts where needed
The first one failed after about a year. Bought another one and it failed after three months! The pump failed both times. Stay away from this product. Great idea, lousy construction.
I loved this mop but it didn't last long. After using it only half-a-dozen times the handle broke off from the aluminum rod. :( I sure didn't get my monies worth on this purchase!
I bought this 3 months ago and it is already not working. The water does not spray out of the bottle ad the bottle keeps popping out of the holder, So disappointing.
I bought this mop because I loved the whole concept of product however when I unpacked it I was missing the scrubber pad. Bummer...that is one of the features I liked about it.
We have now owned 3 of these mops since August 2014, the trigger for the spray has stopped working on all of them after only 1 or 2 uses. Will never buy another one again.
I had this mop for about a year. You can not use hot water in the bottle. The sprayer will not work. After about a year where the bottle goes in broke. I had to throw it away.
I thought this was an average steam cleaner at best. But I cleaned my floors with it and put it away. When I went to use it again, it won't even steam. What a waste of money!
Was really happy having finally purchased a good mop, I thought this thing would have the swiffer wet jet beat all to heck. Too bad it broke the second time I used it. Awful.
On my second mop and once again the trigger has stopped working. I would not recommend this mop because you think it is a great product then Poof it turns on you!
I bought this and can't get it to spray. I was very disappointed, because I have a lot of Rubbermaid and I thought this would be great for cleaning my floor :-(
Unfortunately I don't have my receipt for this mop but am very disappointed that you don't even get a year before the spray on the handle quits working
Newer model replaced the older defective one, which would not spring back after pulling the trigger. After one week the new one does the same thing. Useless.
Don't waste your money on this spray mop. Good idea if it worked.
Will NOT buy again. The squirt feature quits after several uses. Have tried cleaning with bleach, using distilled water, etc. Just quits! FAIL!!!!!
The connection from the handle to the pivoting point constantly falls off when it is pulled back! I really think the design is the worst I have ever seen!
Was using this to clean the floors and the pad area completely broke off from the handle. Was just normal, everyday cleaning - nothing heavy duty.
I must have used this mop three time before the sprayer failed. I am so sick of the garbage on the market these days. Nothing is built to last anymore.
I have had this product about 5 months the last 8 weeks or so the spray does not work, Rubbermaid used to be good quality
The lever that disburses the cleaning liquid stopped working very soon after purchase.
I purchased, and returned two of these mops. The first leaked. The second didn't spray.
As many the sprayer stopped working and then the handle broke at the sprayer.
I bought this less than a month ago and the squeeze trigger handle is broken
Mop head does not swivel well. Mop head broke off after about a month.
I have had 2 of these and they break off at the same spot--the mop head snaps off!
I bought this and the trigger failed after a few uses. Don't waste your money
The spray nozzle stops working. Doesn't spray after just a week of using it.
I am shocked and disappointed in this rubbermaid product. A waste of money
Sprayer stop functioning almost immediately. Good concept poor design
water leak from the joint between mop and handle after using for 2 weeks. Leaving drops of water on floor.
The product does not work effectively, the nozzle head plugs.
mop head and handle split apart after very light use for six months.
I used my spray mop 6 or 7 times and it just stopped spraying. I came onto this website to find a way to get help and no where can I find a way to give any feedback. I am very unhappy cause I loved the mop the times I did work.
I've been using this once a week for 4 months with a cleaner designed for spray mops, and it needs constant disassembly and unclogging, or else the trigger won't reset properly between sprays. I do NOT recommend this product.
The part that hold the micro pad on keeps falling off. I cant even mop a small area of 8 x8 room with it. I would retun it but i did not save the receipt. Ease of use and over all rating would be higher if it didn't fall apart.
bought this about 6 weeks ago in spite of the bad reviews. it has worked great for 5-6 times of use, then the sprayer quit working. this seems to be a major problem with this product. what a shame its a great concept.
My mop did not last long, started leaking so I had to take the bottle off. Without spraying the liquid, it's just an ordinary mop which I could have bought for a lot less. Silly me threw the receipt away......What a deception!
Such a great idea. Works ok with first spray then no dice. Wish I had read the reviews before I bought it. I'll just use my own sprayer until the mop breaks, which according to the other reviews shouldn't be long.
i saw this on tv got so excited i thought it was going to best thing i ever bought boy was i wrong i went through two they leaked and the trigger for the sprayer sucked nothing came out. i would not tell anyone to buy this.
I just bought this mop and used it once. It was great the first time a used it. The second attempt to use it one spray can out then the sprayer stopped working. Do not get this mop. It is defective.
I bought this mop 6 weeks ago. The handle quit spraying. Wish I have would have gone with a swifter instead. Definitely needs updates. Rubbermaid is a good brand. Just failed on this product.
I bought it a month ago used a few times and it no longer sprays ! I loved it at first now unable to use I hope Rubbermaid will correct the problem,so I can be a happy consumer of their products!
Brought this mop home with high hopes of an easier way to do things, filled the cleaner reservoir, assembled and pulled and pulled and pulled the trigger - nothing. It doesn't work at all.
I liked this mop this was my second one BUT the first one broke, send for a second and this one broke also, you cannot push down to scrub a dirt spot hard, it breaks right at the top of the mop, my husband tried to fix it but it is plastic, I was very upset.
I was very excited to use this and pleased the first few times, but then it snapped off while scrubbing. Excuse me! It is a MOP and you SCRUB. Can't be fixed. Now out the money and need to go buy some other mop.
I thought this product was a good idea and would save me time. I used it maybe 3-4 times and the handle broke off. Not such a good idea and now I have to take the time and spend the money to buy something else.
I bought my Reveal mop about 2 years ago. The head has just broken off the shaft because the little plastic bits the hold it on have sheared off. This is poor design - it should last much longer than 2 years.
hello - i see other people had the same problem as i had. the mop broke where the handle, bottle, and mop meet. it was a good idea, but it doesn't hold up under what i would consider minimal,non-abusive use.
I bought this Rubbermaid Reveal mop a few months ago. I loved it....now it will not spray. It works great for a few months then will stop spraying the cleaner solution. Don't waste your money buying this.
The sprayer goes all over the place... not even. I is 4 days old and it should not be cleaned at of yet, to help the spray. It goes about 4 if space, on the UP instead of down. If I had of kept the receipt, it would be returned!
The mop worked great, but then stopped spraying. Tried all of the suggestions from the support page with no luck. It feels like the sprayer is jammed, but I have only ever used warm water in it. It should have lasted longer than a month.
Solution pump jammed after maybe 5 uses. Looks like everybody's having the same problem. You'd think for 30 plus tax this over-priced gadget would actually work...
Sprayer stopped working maybe after using 4 times.. It is soooooo frustrating when I read review after review with the same issue . You would think Rubbermaid would do something about it. Poor quality control from where I sit
We just purchased the Reveal Spray Mop put a cleaning solution in the container place it on the mop (with a click). Pulled the trigger (a couple hundred of times) and nothing ever sprayed out of the nozzle. Did we do something wrong
We love the concept and design, but we're on our 3rd mop in 6 months due to very, poor quality. The sprayer jammed on our first mop, we purchased another one and in the first use it leaked all over the floor. We're now returning it.
I bought this a month ago and after the second time I used it the mop started to leak. now when I use it I use have a bottle of cleaner in one use and I do not have a not of floor space living in an apartment that is only 900 sq ft.
What a shame! I was so excited that my dream mop was finally a reality. I read reviews from people who said the sprayer broke after awhile. My sprayer never worked. How hard is it to make a mop that cleans well! It makes you wonder.
We've had 2 of these mops and after about 3 months the mops quits spraying out soulution, so the mop is useless!! This mop is clearly not made for somone who cleans their house on a regular basis. DO NOT BUY ONE OF THESE!!!!!!!!!!!
I haven't had this mop for more than one month and it has already malfunctioned. The bottle that holds the solution continually leaks. This product is a big waste of money. The concept was great the product...not so much.
I bought my reveal spray mop a few months ago, after about 6 weeks the trigger stopped working. I now carry a separate spray bottle with me to do the floors. Very disappointed. I guess it's back to my swifter wet jet...
I would not suggest this product. It worked great for about 2 months then they spray mechanism died. It was enticing because I could use the reusable mop heads and the reusable bottle. I wish I had bought a swiffer.
I can not get the spray bottle to spray. I took it back to the store and exchanged for another and the same problem. The mop comes with no directions as to solving this problem. I think it is likely poorly manufactured
I should have learned the third time I purchased this mop. It works awesome. but I had to buy one ever six months the spray mechanism keeps breaking. now I am done will never purchase one again
I was happy with my Rubbermaid mop until the long handle broke from its attachment just from simple mopping motion. And it was only 6 months old and very seldom used. To think I hated my Swiffer mop, but it's still standing in the corner gloating.
I am a 24 hour care giver for my wife and try to make things quick and simple. I saw this mop and thought it would save me some time. Wrong. I used it one time and the pump quit working. Piece of junk. Will be going back. Used it with fabuloso.
After one use, the sprayer will not work. Have kept it to try to see if it could be fix at home but nothing works other than the floor pad. My sister in law has one and has the same problem. Would not recommend this product to anyone.
Not long after buying the spray trigger would not reset. Had to bang on floor to get trigger tension to spray
Idea is great, however, I have gone thru 4 of these mops. The sprayer stopped working after a very short period of time. Love loved the mop when it worked. As long as the stores continue to do exchanges for me, I will keep on using them.
Bought first one broke after a year at base near swivel bought new one six moths ago it just broke same place good product but cheap parts don't Don't put pressure on it or it will brake, needs to be stronger metal handle Needs to go all the way to swivel.
When I first saw this mop I was so excited unfortunately the trigger stopped working within the first few weeks and it also started leaking. Not very happy with this product. I did contact Rubbermaid, hopefully they will get back to me with some answers.
I bought this less than a year ago I love it because I have two small dogs and it makes clean up easy ,but it broke I'm really disappointed so I not think I will buy another one I will try to find something similar . It should last longer than a year .
I love the concept of this mop. I just wish it was better built. I have five kids and two dogs and I use my mop several times a day. Inhave gone thru five reveals since n 2014 the trigger function always breaks down or the seal on plastic bottle goes.
The product at first was very easy to use and my wife and I loved it. After 2 months however the clips that hold the cleaning head broke off and it is now unusable. The product was used in a medium kitchen about 2-3 times per week. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
I couldn't wait to get this mop, I love rubermaid products! Well, I wish I left it on the shelfish, when I used the spray instead of going on the floor it went all over the top of the mop and after only one use the handle broke! Now I need to go find another mop, very unhappy!
I have purchased 3 of these mops in the past 1.5 years each one breaking at the handle. Should have learned after the first 2 but I just loved its ease of use so much. I'll be going back to carrying my spray bottle and a basic microfiber mop. Too bad b/c its such a great idea
Ri received the mob as a Christmas gift, my friend said it was great. The one I have is terrible, the bottle will not stay on it will spray a few times then it stops I'am sorry that I asked for it . I will have to find some other way to clean Because this does not work at all
I Bought this about 2 months ago...loved it at first. Then the little seal on the bottle top stretched and it leaks everywhere!! You can buy the replacement bottle but why should I have to This product is a real disappointment! Rubbermaid use to be the best, but not now!
I thought this mop would be a great find considering I had bought a competitors mop and was not happy with that particular brand. The spray part quit working immediately after 1 use. I guess I'll stick to my original plan and use a competitors mop along with a spray bottle.
Had the original reveal and loved it! Saw the new one and decided to purchase it. Since the original purchase of this new and improved Reveal, we have returned and repurchased twice. The trigger that allows you to spray keeps breaking! Ready to move on to another company!
I bought this mop it is a great idea but, it doesn't spray properly, floor does not even get damp where you need to clean, spray is too high. Bottle does not stay in place. I have to return it. I can't keep putting bottle back in place and while trying to clean the floor
Bought this mop about two months ago. While trying to mop my kitchen and dining room it broke. The handle snapped off right at the bottem of the base where the cleaner bottle goes in. I can't even fix it cuz, the metal poll inside it. very unhappy with this product now.
It worked great the first time that I used it. Second time, not so much. The spray head is clogged and spraying eraticly and dripping all over. This is my second one. I bought another thinking that the first one must have been defective.
I STARTED OUT JUST LOVING THIS MOP AS I FIRST USED IT. BY THE TIME I WAS HALF WAY THRU THE SECOND ROOM, THE MOP SEEMED HARDER TO PUSH AND THEN THE TOP PART OF THE HANDLE BROKE OFF AND THE ONLY THING HOLDING IT TOGETHER WAS THE LINE FROM THE SPRAY BUTTON TO THE BOTTLE.
I bought this product it lasted about a month before the handle broke while scrubbing. So I bought another one thinking I got a defect. This one lasted me about two months before the handle broke with gentle use. I would not recommend this product! Horrible quality!!
I hate this mop! I bought it to replace a Swiffer, wanting to be more environmentally friendly. I 1st used the mop with hot water. No good. Then I used floor cleanser, still my floors are not clean. I'm going to have to go back to my old ways. I'm so dissapointed!
I have hardwood floors throughout my home and thought this would be a great products for cleaning. I am very dissatisfied with trying to use it underneath my furniture! The cleaning head constantly turns/flips around. I would not recommend nor buy this product.
I have owned 2 now and the first lasted about 2 months and broke at the handle and I thought maybe i was adding to much pressure. I bouth the second one last week and I tried to use it for the second time and the handle is stuck in the squeezed position. I give up on this product.
Great idea, love the pad, like that I can choose the solution I want to use. This won't spray at all. Returning to the store.. Bad design unless the one I purchased is broke. I think the spray should be designed better.. Put a few more cents in the design and you would have a winner.
Great idea, but poorly made. This is my second one. The first one lasted 2 month and I loved it before it broke. Giving it a fair shake I bought another one, it lasted 1 day. ONE DAY. The sprayer squeeze trigger stops working making it useless. Won't be purchasing again. Don't waste your money!!
Biggest waste of money. The handle is constantly disconnecting from the head so I'm on my hands and knees every few minutes to reconnect it. The bottle leaks so instead of a nice fine mist there are huge drops and wet streaks all over the floor. The mop did not fulfill any of the it's claims.
I am on my third one, the first two were the old design and the third the new and improved. On all three the sprayer stopped working. Not happy. So many things I loved about this, but I have wasted enough money. Going back to the Libman spray mop which I had for several years before it broke.
The spray function stops working. The functionality is lost if it won't spray. I purchased this same mop years ago and forgot it stopped working. I'm so annoyed.
I have purchased 3 of these mops and they have all failed. The first one had problems with the trigger and I then bought the new and improved to no avail. The water bottles started leaking on the new and improved. If not for this, it would be a great product. Don't waste your money.......
Had another brand of T-mop when I saw this one with the spray bottle attached. Bought it, used it and absolutely loved it....for about two and a half months, and then the handle snapped right off where the bottle inserts into the handle. Very disappointed in the lack of Rubbermaid Quality.
At 1st it was great, easy to use. My 1st reveal mop lasted 4 mnths and then the plastic clip broke so I went and purchased the newly revised version with the scrubber and after only 2 mnths the sprayer stopped working. It's great while it works but paying 40 every few mnths is not worth it!
Bought this mop 2 months ago and the mop broke. Loved it till it broke, now I'm looking for a new mop and it wont be yours. Also my sister and brother each bought one because I told them how great it was and theirs broke to. Would never recommend this product to anyone. Totally disappointed.
I bought this a week ago...absolutely loved it the first 2 times I used it. And then the trigger broke and would not pump. I started to buy the other brand refillable spray mop but chose this instead since the head was larger, now back to the store. I go to replace it with my old stand by.
I purchased the product 10 days ago from a retailer. After using the product many times to spot mop messes, I was happy with the result. After only 10 days of using it sparingly, the refillable container began to leak profusely. I can no longer use the mop with the container and as such it has become a Swiffer.
After looking for a great easy to use mop, I thought I had found the answer with this mop. I was wrong. It worked once and this morning, the trigger for the spray stopped working. There is no pressure, it just jiggles back and forth. What a waste of money. I bought it at Target and will be seeking a refund.
This is my 3rd mop... the first one worked perfectly until the shaft broke where it joins the bottle holder... I bought another to replace it... and found the trigger sticking... I went and replace it with another of the same kind... SAME PROBLEM... IF IT DOESN'T GET FIXED YOU WILL LOSE ALL YOUR USERS.!!!!!
This is the second Reveal Spray Mop that we have had in one year. The first one the handle broke off and my wife went and got another one because she has faith the the brand. Now it leaks, I replaced the o-ring, then the sprayer stopped working. I do not know if the new and improved corrected these issues.
I BOUGHT THE RUBBERMAID REVEAL BECAUSE I LOVED THE CLEANING SOLUTION ATTACHMENT FUNCTION. I USED IT THE 1ST TIME AND ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT, USED IT AGAIN AND CONTINUED TO LOVE IT AND USED IT THE 3RD TIME AND PLASTIC HANDLE BROKE RIGHT OFF. I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED BECAUSE I WAS ONLY HALF DONE WITH MY FLOOR.
I bought this product 3 times over the course of 18 months thinking the problem was resolved with the clogging trigger. Rubbermaid did send me a 25 certificate but that doesn't even cover the cost of a replacement so its pretty much worthless. When it works it's great but sadly it doesn't usually work
I have had this mop for about a year and was just moping with it and literally just snapped in half. The handle broke off from the bottom piece. Will have to get a replacement. Had some issues prior not wanting to spray all the time - but managed to keep using it. Not a terrific product unfortunately.
I like the feel and the size of the floor mop, but shortly after buying this the pump handle didn't work properly. I could use the pump and then have to wait to to pump the handle again. Now it's stopped working all together. Too bad because I liked it while it worked, but they are not cheap to buy.
I purchase this piece of junk about 2 months ago now the spray leaks and will not spray. I purchased this because of the ability to refill with my favorite cleaner, well that works but it is not spraying BEWARE they promote this as being a good alterative to the competitor but it just does not work.
With excitment I open the mop to use. With sadness it did not spray water. I did the things correct that you sent to a lady that had the same problem. I cannot take it back. I am out of my purchase price with a bad produt. I believe I should get a refund from rubbermaid. This leaves a bad taste in my emotions about rubbermaid.
I bought one of these mops a few years ago. It worked great, until I mopped a little to vigorously, and it broke. I purchased a new one, and it's a disaster. The water leaks out and makes a gigantic mess. I tried switching out the new bottle with the old bottle, but that did not help. I hope rubbermaid can make this right.
This Rubbermaid Reveal mop is the biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased. Such a waste of money. I had only used it a few times when it started falling apart. Now it's broken in another place...no way to used it...can't hold it together in 2 places and mop at the same time. Looked like such a good product in ad...garbage!
I have gone through 3 of these mops in the past 2 years. I refuse to spend more money on them. I love them when they are working but they all seemed to break where the mop and stick meet. It's a shame because it really does a good job and is very convenient. Not a happy customer and will try to find something more durable.
I purchased this mop instead of the others because it seemed like there was less to break. I was wrong the bottle started leaking after about 1 month or 2. Using the mop is easy and works great cleaning my vinyl and hardwood floors so it is a big let down that i have to purchase something else to clean the floors. Oh well.
I bought the first reveal mop and it lasted one year before the handle broke. I bought a new and improved reveal mop and the sprayer does not work. I am frustrated this is already useless and I do not have the receipt to return. The potential of this idea is good but the product produced and sold by Rubbermaid is poor.
Bought and was very disappointed. Container wont come off of handle and sprayer only works after attempt after attempt at getting bottle positioned but rubber o-rings constantly come off. Will not putchase their products unless major improvements are done. Also this mop leaks constantly. Will not recommend to anyone!
When i first got the product i liked it just the thought of not having to buy refills like swiffer was a plus. Couple of weeks later while i was cleaning my laminate flooring it broke where the bottom piece connects under the container. Not happy at all I had to finish moping by hand. Now I have to buy another mop.
I purchased this product to replace a similar mop that I had used for 8 years. My prior mop had no spray, but good floor pads. Excited to use the rubbermaid and the spray feature. The mop head broke at the swivel, the rubber washer mishapes, and the bottle colapses with use and is unfillable a after just a few uses.
I bought this in September 2012 and it broke into two pieces in February 2013. I returned it to where I bought it and exchanged it for a new one. It just broke the same way in January 2014 but the store said it only had a one year warranty. I have purchased a competitors product and won't buy this one ever again.
In theory, this would be a great product. I bought it because of the Rubbermaid name and attempted to use it. After 30 minutes, it still would not spray. I am normally a huge fan of Rubbermaid products and own countless items. This is one product that is definitely NOT worthy of the Rubbermaid name. Returned it for the O'cedar model.
I have purchased two 'Reveals' within the last six months. When the first one broke at the base by the mop head I figured it was a fluke. Now that TWO have broken I would like to say it is poor craftsmanship. I never misused the mop, nor was it dropped or in any way mishandled. It truly is a shame as it worked very well initially.
I've gone through 4 of these and I give up. Either the pump breaks or the bottle clogs. It is a piece of junk worthy of avoiding.
I was so excited for this product I thought it was going to solve all my problems with my hard woods however after using it twice the trigger broke and will not squirt any solution out! I had thought it would last at least a year but sadly died very early! So sad it was made so horrible makes me question other Rubbermaid products.
I only used this mop a handful of times and then the mop head started to come off of the handle when trying to mop. Now it is to the point where I cannot even use it anymore! I loved the idea of being able to use my own cleaning solutions and reusing the microfiber pad but after mopping about 10 times I cannot even use it any more. VERY DISAPPOINTED!
I bought this a couple of years ago. The mop has had only light use. I tried using it today and now the handle keeps slipping out of the holder on the head! Very frustrating to have to reattach with every other stroke. I like the product, but it should be more reliable to get me to replace it. Was this issue addressed in the new model
I bought this recently from Grocery Store. I have not seen such a low quality product. Overall build quality is very bad. Bottle cannot be fixed properly. Sprayer do not work. Why do companies make such products in 21st century! Product says visit online for assembly instructions and more details, but website says we don't have it now!!!
I bought this mop from a home improvement store and today I tried to use it. I filled the bottle with just water and pulled the trigger to spray they water. The bottle was clicked in place and I checked that there wasn't a sticker covering thr nozzle- and yet it dosn't spray. I will be returning it tonight and looking for a replacement.
I have bought 2 of these mops, the first one the head snapped off the handle I thought perhaps it was a flaw so I bought another one and today the head snapped off, I have problems with the sprayer also usually end up dumping the cleaning water on the floor then mopping it all up. I wish the product would last longer that a few months and would be more durable
Wish I had checker here before buying... I, too have a mop that has a nonfunctioning trigger after just a few months. Thought I had found a solution for cleaning my floors from my wheelchair. No such luck. AFter seeing here this is a consistent problem with your product I am extremely disappointed in Rubbermaid. You've lost a customer - I will not be back!
I bought this mop a few months ago for my beach house. It only gets used in the summer months, so although I bought it a while ago, I just started using it. After a couple of uses the mop head detached from the handle. I tried duct taping it on, but it doesn't stay. I tried to exchange it at Shop rite where it was purchased but they wouldn't take it back.
I just recently purchased the Rubbermaid Reveal for my office. My employees and myself like to have the office clean. I was very disappointed in the product. The mop handle broke and there is not a way of fixing it. I understand now why Rubbermaid sells the mop handle separately, but I will not be replacing it and I do not recommend this product to anyone.
I have purchased 2 of these mops in the last 6 months. The first one I bought broke after about 3 months. The one I have now will not spray properly. I have used it about 2 months. I am still using it because I do not wish to invest any more money. I use it with a spray bottle in my other hand. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
I got one of these 4 years ago and it was great best mop I ever had. However when I took over managing Pocahontas ATV resort I bought 2 more and both sprayers were broken after only being used once. Returned them straight away. I don't know what changed about the design but these are complete JUNK now. the search continues for a mop for here that I don't have to carry a bucket around the campground with.
I'm sorry, but as much as I'd like to love this product, I can't. The first one I bought had an o-ring which broke. resulting in excessive leakage. The next one had a small rubbery part on the inside cap break into pieces, again, resulting in the cleaning solution leaking out completely. Either I am the unluckiest shopper, or the RD team hasn't been doing their homework.
Loved it at first. Only this mop can clean my white, shiny ceramic, but poor quality of the product leave some disappointment. I see other people had the same problem as I had. The mop broke where the handle, bottle, and mop meet. This happened twice! I even recommend this mop to my friend- as a best ever- but her spray mechanism stopped working, so that's not good too.
I am very upset that I can't even get a replacement bottle for the cleaning solution. I paid what was a lot of money to me for this mop and it does the job but the bottle has collaped and won't hold solution, or enough, anymore. So now I have to throw away a perfectly good mop cause I can't buy a solution bottle for it. NOT HAPPY
I loved my product when I first bought! I even bought another one for my place of work. Then sadly, I broke mine at home. I thought I was just too rough with it or my roommate were bad with it. Then I broke the second I bought 3 months after I bought it. I will not try for a 3rd one. I'm very sad my favorite cleaning tool has failed me again...I'm pretty disappointed with the cheap parts.
Gone through a couple of these. The hinge between the handle and the head breaks easily. But the main issue is with the spray mechanism. You pump.....wait for a good 20 seconds for it to reset and then you can pump again. This isn't a one off, defected product either. If you read around a few site reviews, even the Rubbermaid one, you quickly see that this is a very common problem.
Reveal mop. Loved the idea. Liked using it until the mop head snapped right off where it meets the handle. Not very durable. Since I didn't keep my receipt, in the garbage it goes. On the upside, I have since bought the Vileda Pro Mist ( which so far I like). The leftover pads and dust mop from my Reveal will work just fine on it. Even tho the pro mist came with 2 pads now I have 4
I purchased two of these when they were first introduced because I thought they were a great idea--environmentally green and economical. I had high hopes regarding quality because they are Rubbermaid. However, within 6 months, the first one broke. The second is now showing the same symptoms the first did. It is clearly on its last leg. I will sadly have to return to other options.
I love the concept of this mop. But I have had to purchase 3 of them and they have all been defective after several uses. For some reason, the rubber gasket keeps tearing or falling off. I then tried the Vileda mop and it did the same thing. It must be a design flaw - they are not built to last. I will not purchase again - I have already wasted almost 100 on these types of mops.
Bought this is an alternative to a steam mop as I didnt have the extra cash to fork out for something more. Used once.... went to use a second time and the handle is now floppy and has stopped working! Its as is the cord inside has come loose or something. What a waste of money!!!!! Dont waste your time or money and spend the extra money on something of better value and quality!
I bought this to save money on refills and be able to use my favorite cleaner. Had it two weeks, used it three times and the sprayer doesn't work. Now I have a spray bottle in one hand and the mop in the other. I should have kept my stiffer which I gave my neighbor. Mother warm water and priming it didn't help either, nor did customer service. I would prefer my money back
This is my 3rd mop and the triggers keep getting stuck, they ready need to revamp this mop. Also it leaks
What a piece of garbage! I bought this mop the other day and just used it for the first time. It worked great until I turned it mop head side up to take the pad off to wash....it dumped cleaning solution all over me and the floor. The bottle is on as tight as possible as is the lid to the bottle. Guess I will return it and try a different brand. Horrible quality, Rubbermaid!
Love using this product. Makes clean-up easy, the re-usable pad is wide, easily washed and dried and being able to use my own cleaning solution allows for versatility in cleaning different surfaces(w/out locked in repeat purchases). I use my reveal mop daily, nevertheless I was disappointed that after only 1 month the front top handle assembly broke off at the joint. I am very very very disappointed.
Painted my garage floor to keep it clean. Rain, snow, and dirt had other ideas as cars go in and out frequently. Dirty floor happens frequently as a consequence. BUT REVEAL FLOOR MOP quickly to the rescue as it wipes up dirt and leaves the floor clean and shiny, and using just water in the reservoir! Have extra mops for those really bad days. Best idea ever!
I loved the idea of using my own cleaning solution and a re-useable dust/mop head and I was thrilled w/ it the first few times. I became disillusioned when the solution bottle wouldn't stay put became cracked so easily. The trigger spray became clogged quickly and even after cleaning it's hard to squeeze uneven. It seemed like a dream come true but a mop is easier to use and more effective.
Sorry I bought this thing. It looked like a really good idea at the time as I was using swiffer wet like mad. (I have three dogs in the house) However after approximately 2-3 weeks of use, the sprayer stopped spraying. The handle will not reset. the spray that does finally come out is worthless as far as coverage is concerned. I am off to the store today to find something that may actually work.
I only used my mop maybe 5-8 times for small areas of my house before the sprayer handle malfunctioned. Now, i have to wait 11 seconds for it to pop back out to do another spray. Needless to say i just pour cleaner on the floor then mop it up otherwise it would take all day. I love the idea of this mop but it's clearly very poor quality. I wish i could get a (functioning) replacement though!
I just bought this product yesterday and it does not spray. The concept was outstanding but what good is it if it does not spray, not even a trickle. Why would you sell a product that does not even work. I have knee problems and it is hard to get down on knees to scrub floor and was so looking forward to using your product. I have tried all of the examples to make the mop spray and nothing.
Bought this mop a few months ago , worked great up until a few weeks ago. When i press the trigger to spray the trigger won't retract back , thus not allowing me to continue to mop. With a good smack on the container with the bottle it retracts (sometimes) leading to great frustration , I have gone back to an old fashioned mop and it works great , in short I wouldn't recommend this product.
I bought my first reveal mop about 3 months ago - it worked wonderfully for about a month, until the trigger to spray water, stopped working. It was pretty useless at that point. Since we had our house on the market, and I had to have clean floors at all times, I bought another reveal mop. The same thing happened again - the trigger stopped working after about 6 weeks. Very disappointing!
When purchasing this product I was so happy to be using something all in one. I have used this mop twice and on the second time I was in the middle of mopping when the head busted off. I am not a strong person or rough with my items so I know it wasn't me. I am upset that I spend the money on this and it lasted only twice. I am writing to customer service to see how I can get my money back now and hopefully they will give it to me.
I have purchased two of these mops and both have been the worst mop I've purchased. The first mop I bought the bottle sucked up and I could not fill it up and would not stay securely on mop without leaking. So I thought I would try another one but it did the same thing and it also broke within two weeks after using it at the base where the handle stops. This was a lot of money wasted on what I thought was going to be a great mop.
This mop was great when I first started using it. After about a month, while I was mopping, the whole end piece came off! I actually taped it back together with duct tape! That held up for a while, then the stick came disengaged and won't click back into place. I duct taped that also. I got so fed up, I went back to my regular mop. I can't find my receipt to return it, so it was a waste. Terrible design..I'm very disappointed.
I just purchase the Reveal Mop today from my local Home Depot Store. I had always wanted to try the mop because I like the concept of using my our cleaner liquid and the reusable pad. Unfortunately the spray portion of the mop does not perform as I expected. I constantly have to remove and reinsert the bottle for the liquid to spray. This is very disappointing, not sure if I can return the mop because it has been used.
Great concept, lacks quality. This was the second reveal mop I owned and the first and they both broke. The newest one was terrible the head meachanism would come undone and had to be snapped back into place regularly. The bottle leaks and does not stay snapped in place. I continued using the mop with these defects until the handle snapped at the bottle just as another reviewer stated. For the price the quality is very poor.
A complete waste of money. The O-rings don't seal properly. The weight of the water in the bottle is apparently supposed to provide enough pressure to ensure a tight seal. It isn't. The mop leaks and the spray function is irregular as it depends on a functioning seal. I had already disposed of the receipt so I can't request a refund on a nonfunctional design. I trusted Rubbermaid to my misfortune. I am very disappointed.
I was very disappointed with this product. I was impressed with the idea of buying a product with a washable head and I could use my own cleaner. To good to be true Yes. I could live with the fact you have to squeeze the trigger constantly to get the cleaner out. However, after about a month of use the swivel connector to the pad broke. Now, the head will not stay attached. What good is a mop when the head wont stay on
I am most displeased with this product as the trigger mechanism is faulty. It works fine if you just use water or a vinegar/water mix in the tank. However, if you use a cleaning solution, i.e., a laminate or wood floor cleaner, diluted with water, you can just spray once, then you have to wait for the trigger to reset in order to spray again. And, I use a very weak solution of cleaner vs. water. It is so frustrating!
I'll leave the mop for a few minutes and then it will spray a couple of times then quit. Same if I don't use bottle and just pour water in receptacle. Some posters have referred to mommymayfield's solution a month ago - but she says to remove two screws on compartment holding bottle and one on connector to mop head. I can only find one screw - which is inset on bottle compartment. Different screws for Canadians maybe.
I was really looking forward to using this mop and getting rid of my other wet mop. Every time I use this mop I squeeze the trigger once and then have to wait for it to release and it takes forever! It is such a waste of time and money for that matter as it was quite a bit to spend for a mop. I have even checked to see if something was blocking the mechanism and there isn't any blockage. Very Dissapointed and I can't even return it at this point.
I purchased my reveal mop and the trigger pump is already broken, before I used up my first bottle of cleaner.
I clean homes everyday and the reveal worked great for about a month. Loved the ease of cleaning wood floors with it. Have to say that the solution finally clogged the sprayer and doesn't work now. Yes, I ran hot water through it several times and to no avail still clogged. Then my engineer husband took it apart and found the clogged area but the part couldn't be broken down any more and the tube too small to get unclogged with anything. SAD :(
Within the past year I have bough two of these Reveal Spray Mops and am extremely disappointed. The first one broke after approximately 5 months and the second one broke after approximately 3 months of usage. The handle mechanism that you operate to allow the mop to spray the cleaning liquid/water mix or just plain water stops working and the spray does as well. I would NEVER recommend this product to anyone. They are a BIG waste of money.
This is my second REVEAL spray mop. We had the first one for about a month before the squeeze handle broke and would not spray out anymore of the cleaning product. So I bought a new one thinking maybe I just bought a faulty one. The second one lasted about 1-2 weeks and no the same thing has happened. I am so upset because for the first couple of uses, I really loved this mop but if it only works 2-3 times, I'd rather buy something else!
Bought a rubbermaid mop three months ago looked great as I was able to refill the bottle. Liked the idea but mop stopped spraying product out of mop. I checked for blockage none found. Was forced to go out and buy another one as I do not like the swiffer wet mop. You would think that rubbermaid would use people's comments and feedback to resolve existing problems with this product to avoid negative comments regarding this matter or issue.
I bought one of these for my new home when we moved in May and it lasted a couple months before the trigger began to stick. Because it was very convenient and worked well at cleaning the wood floor, I decided to buy another thinking it was just a bad unit I purchased initially. After 3 months or less using the new one, it is now experiencing the same problems and is a matter of time before it is completely useless like the first one.
As much as I love this mop I really hate the fact that the trigger quits so quickly. Looks lke I am one of many unhappy customers. For what this mop cost you would think that Rubbermaid could fix this issue. On to the next mop.....
I enjoyed using this mop. That is, until today when the handle lost it's grip on the wall and fell over and the head snapped off. Disappointed it wasn't better quality. Disappointed it isn't a part that can be replaced. Disappointed I didn't get my floors finished before it broke. Buy with the knowledge that something simple might render this mop useless. Also, the trigger is sticky and needs time to reset before you can spray again.
OUR WORKPLACE BOUGHT ONE FOR US TO USE. THE HANDLE/SPRAY STOPPED WORKING. THEY BOUGHT THE SAME ONE AGAIN THINKING MAYBE IT WAS MISFORTUNE. WORKED FINE FOR MAYBE ANOTHER TWO WEEKS AND NOW THE SAME THING HAPPENED WITH OUR SECOND ONE. I MADE THE STUPID MISTAKE OF BUYING ONE FOR MY HOME BECAUSE I LIKED THE LOOK AND THE IDEA OF THE PRODUCT, BUT SADLY THIS ONE HAS ISSUES AS WELL WITH THE TOP PART OF HANDLE COMING LOOSE. IF THEY COME OUT WITH A NEW AND IMPROVED ONE THEN I WOULD GIVE IT A CHANCE.
I seen this on tv and couldn't wait to buy it. When I did I used as soon as I got home, it was great for about a two weeks. I have a little one so try to mop about every other day. But after two weeks of having this the mop head came right off. Thought I'd use some super glue, but then other parts of the mop starting coming apart as well. Needless to say, to trash it went. I even called my mom and had her return the one she had just bought. So no I would not recomend this to anyone.
I invested in this mop and an extra scrubbing pad because I could not find anything that did not leave a film on my floor. This worked AT FIRST, better than the other mops I've used, but now the O-ring that goes around the top of the bottle got loose and it leaks terribly! Now I find out that they don't sell replacement parts! I won't be paying to replace this mop because the O-ring will just stretch out again. Like I said, piece of junk!
I purchased the reveal a few months ago. While I was cleaning my kitchen floor the mop broke apart and I was not able to put it back together because the plastic parts just broke off. I have used other products similar to the reveal and never had a problem. It seemed like a good purchase at the time, but it sure wasn't. I will go back to my original cleaning products. Also, a friend of mine bought the reveal and the same thing happened to her. You need to improve your product.
I bought this mop several years ago. I loved it so much that I decided to by a second for our vacation home. The new one arrived and worked great for the first few uses. Then, like everyone has mentioned, the trigger stopped working. My old mop continues to work like a charm. Rubbermaid, please fix the trigger...
I have purched 3 of the reveal spray mops (one for me, one for my mom one for my son). In the beginning the mop is great but in less than 1 year, 2 of the mops stopped spraying and 1 broke at the base. We all loved the mop when they worked. Of course we don't have the receipts anymore - I found a rubbermaid commercial model but it's very expensive and at this point my confidence in a similiar product is VERY low.
I fell in love with this when I first got it. We bought exra pads and went all out. I used only floor cleaners and distilled water in it. Still the sprayer quit working. I bought a new one thinking maybe I used it wrong. The new one did the same thing. If they could fix the sprayer, I would use this thing forever. As is stands, I am buying a dirt devil spray mop now.
I have owned by Reveal Mop for about 3 months. Unfortunately, about 2 weeks ago I started having the same problem with my handle as other on here. When squeezing the handle, I do not receive a full spray, plus it sticks, so it takes forever to be able to spray again. I loved this mop up until now, but now I feel like I wasted my money. I love Rubbermaid, and I am disappointed in the quality of this product.
I've had my Rubbermaid Reveal less than 6 months, and I've already had to replace the spray bottle on it 3 times! I am not, and would not ever recommend this product to anyone. It's made very cheaply, and apparently there is something wrong with the design or engineering of the way the spray bottle operates. I'm going to look around for another product along the same lines, hopefully it will be made better.
This mop COULD be such a good thing. The trigger is a piece of junk. Occasionally it will work and I will get 3 sprays out of it but mostly not. I end up taking the bottle off and pouring solution on the floor and then using the mop portion. So many bad reviews on the trigger part, why don't you fix this
I have had this mop for just less than a year and don't use it too often. But it broke where the mop head joins the shaft of the handle. I screwed it in place and it completely broke off above the screw after just a few uses. This is not very durable. The Swiffer mop I had lasted much longer. I used to refill the Swiffer bottles myself. When I saw this I thought it would save me money on mop heads. But if I have to buy a new mop every year or so I might as well keep using the Swiffer.
I want to love this product! It is a great concept and straight out of the box, it is a wonderful mop. I like that I can refill it with my own cleaning solution and that I can wash the pad instead of having to replace it with expensive refills. The first Reveal mop I owned, it worked great the first couple of months but then the trigger stopped working. I was able to get a replacement one and sad to say, it has the same issue with the trigger not working after only using less than 10 times. Wish this product worked!
This is the second Reveal we have had in the past year. Both have broke off at the head. The first one I thought was misuse because my teenage son was using it when it broke, but now I know that was not the case because this one broke at the same place while I was using it. We loved the idea of washing and reusing the pad and the fact that we could mix our own cleaning solutions. I'm now falling back on our old Swiffer that has been abused and still working, Sorry Rubbermaid, good try, but try again.
I love the idea of this mop, as I had a swiffer, but hated that you had to buy their cleaning solution. I bought his mop and by the fifth use the sprayer stopped working! The sprayer would spray once and then just go slack. After about five minutes it would return and you can spray it again. It's faster to just remove the bottle and drip solution in the floor! Major design flaw with this thing and I feel like I threw money in the trash! Rubbermaid FAIL!
Before purchasing I compared this to other brands of same type of mop and liked this one the best. Used it for 2 weeks and decided to order the refill mop cloth to have an extra on hand. The very day it was delivered to my door I had been mopping the floors and the handle snapped off right under the trigger at the red band. I tried to duct tape it and it didn't really work. So I now have a useless mop and an extra refill I just wasted money on. This mop is WAY overpriced for how poorly made it is.
Why oh why can't anyone make a decent mop!! I have tried about every one on the market, saw this one on TV and thought it would be brilliant. Actually looked forward to mopping. Unpacked it, filled up the bottle and tried to get to work. Spray does not work AT ALL! Went to website to see if others had this problem. Resounding yes. Tried some suggestions and now it just leaks EVERYWHERE! No mopping today I guess, taking back to store. Also note, I'm not one who normally writes reviews, but had to with this one. Stay away!
I just bought this today, and wondered how the cleaner would keep from spilling out when I turned the bottle upside down to load the mop, so instead turned the mop upside down to load the bottle. It worked ok at first, but after I moved the mop to it's storage spot, I noticed the cleaner had leaked out everywhere. Looking at the photos and demos on here, it seems that my mop was missing a bottle lid, so now I'm just out the money for a mop I can't use. :( I was really looking forward to being able to use my own cleaners.
I loved this product for the first about 6 times I used it, then the little plastic pieces that hold the mop part on broke. I still used it for 3 more times, only I couldn't lift it up or the mop fell off. Then the whole pole just snapped off. Needless to say it is in the trash. I do not think I will replace it with the same item as I cannot afford to buy one every month or so. I think it would be a wonderful product if it was constructed with stronger parts. I loved the idea of using different solutions in the bottles.
It works fine for a bit. Until the pole starts rusting where the bottle is and it eventually breaks off while using it. When I look at the construction of the pole, it appears that it was glued in and not secured properly. Shame on me for buying a second one. Before it broke, I was using it at times it was difficult in that the mop part would flip over at times which was inconvenient. I was better off at sticking to the other mop brand that you would need to buy refills.
I finally switched the Reveal after getting tired of paying for Swiffer pads and solution and being unhappy with the results. I love being able to use a homemade solution to clean my floors. And it's economical and eco-friendly to wash the scrubber pad. However, while using it only the SECOND time, it SNAPPED in half! Apparently I am not the only one this happened to. I am really disappointed because everything else about the Reveal seems to be exactly what I want.
Such a great concept - I was looking forward to saving money - luckily I didn't throw my other product away. If the problems were fixed, I would try again, but the reviews on line would have to improve greatly! Wish I had read them before purchasing. I would recommend other Rubbermaid products - but not this one. I got one good use out of it and then the sprayer quit working. I have no desire to carry around a spray bottle while cleaning my floors.
I was very happy when I first received my Rubbermaid Reveal. The concept is simple, the design is workable, it refills and re-uses at low cost. Unfortunately the second time I went to pull the squeeze handle at the top it broke! The handle went slack and now there is no way to squirt the cleaning solution rendering the entire thing useless! This is disappointing as I do not have the time or energy or money to go out and buy a new one. Too good to be true I guess. But really once that handle goes its game over. Very poorly made is what it seems like/not built to last.
I was so pleased to purchase this product, loving the option of using your own cleaning fluids and having pads that were reusable. My first mopping was lovely. Two weeks later when I went to mop again, the sprayer feature is completely inoperable. I have tried cleaning all of the component parts, checking every possible issue to no avail. Now I have to remove the lid from the cleaning fluids bottle and pour it in the floor to use the mop. Very, very disappointed. Thought perhaps my issue was a fluke, but after reading the many reviews here, I see it's likely not. Boo!
I used this mop exactly twice and the trigger stopped working. Not only does it not spray, but the trigger rod is not attached to anything on the bottle end of the handle, it just seems to balance there on the rod. Took it all apart, tried to fix it, it sprayed once and the trigger was flopping around disconnected again. I have the old, discontinued mop which still works great, but the bottle broke for that one, and these bottles are not interchangeable. Wish I could return it!!!
The refillable bottle collapsed on me (sucker in). So, I went out and bought a replacement bottle and guess what, it did it as well. I have all the extra attachments and hate to buy a new mop but I have to. I have wood floors and 2 dogs. Like I have money to throw around..Rubbermaid I am dissapointed in your product and makes me question your line.
I was excited when I found and purchased my Reveal Spray Mop. It worked great in the beginning and I saw a bright future of easy care for of the tile floor of my apartment. Yet, slowly as the months passed the sprayer would act up, the stream started to get limited - intermittent at first - until just the other day I started to clean and it gave a couple short burst, then a full shot and then a few more short burst until it stopped all together. I'm very disappointed and feel that I've wasted good money on a product that cannot live up to the hype.
Purchased the mop less than a year ago, I mop my floor on average once per week, I washed my picture window with it once. It is NOT durable, the handle broke off right where it connects to the bottle holder. I have a 3yr old and 17 month twins, there tends to be food stuck to the floor. As a result I push a fair amount to scrub the sticky spots. As I was applying pressure down, the handle snapped off. If a person just wants to mop the dust off their floor or wah windows, then it is a good mop, but it is not built to withstand scrubbing motion!
I am on my 3rd and last spray mop. The 1st one lasted me the longest. Maybe 6mo or a year. Not quite sure. The 2nd one lasted a few months and this 3rd one has been in use for about a month. The trigger has broken on all three of them. I clean my floors about every other day, every 3 days so the mop gets frequent use, but it shouldn't break within a month or even a couple months. I like that you can use whatever cleaner you use with this one, but it doesn't last. If you use it rarely, it may be fine. But for regular use don't waste your money.
Returning! Should have known..out of the wrapper with no instructions So figuring out what packaging material was NOT needed for operation was a trip to the computer The long unwieldy pole is difficult to maneuver and won't fit under most all furniture. The spray is uncontrolled and wets walls and cabinets well above floor level. There is way too much liquid left behind on the floors, leaving you know choice but to wipe dry. I am still on hands and knees, I don't need this item to complicate that. There is nothing Better about this, sorry.
When I first saw this mop i love the idea of the refillable bottle and the washable pads. I has previously owned a Swiffer but didn't like having to buy the pads and bottles. The first few times I used this mop it worked great. However, after about 5 uses, the sprayer stopped working properly. Rather than get a new mop, I just use a spray bottle, however I would much rather not have to do that! I would not recommend this mop. If Rubbermaid figures out a way to solve the problem with the sprayer breaking I would love to have one that works!
I bought this mop back when it had first come out thinking it was so ingenious to include a bottle you can fill up with your own solution and also rewash the pads! I wrote a review before, when then handle had broken. I was so disappointed but the company was great and sent me a new mop to replace the old one! Now however, I am having issues again. The bottle sucks in on itself and the sprayer won't spray. It is very frustrating when you are trying to clean up a quick spill and it's anything but quick. I hope the company will take care of this situation because I really loved the mop.
Used this mop weekly for a month. Liked it ease of use and functionality. A month after purchasing, the spray mechanism failed, and would no longer spray. A dripping leak formed from the spray mechanism when depressing the trigger. The trigger pressure was sloppy, as if something broke down line. Verified leak did not come from bottle or seal. Checked and verified there was no blockage at the spray valve. Break and leak is internal. Have an inquiry in with customer service about the failure and likely defect of the unit. I expected better from a unit from Rubbermaid in this price range.
Apparently, I am not alone in my disappointment in this mop. I loved the ease of use, the fact that I could select my own cleaning product to use, and I trusted the Rubbermaid name. But in the end, after only a few successful uses the trigger spray mechanism failed. (And all the King's horses and all the King's men...) I tried to make it work again to no avail. I had forgotten all about it until i moved recently, and picked it up again in the new basement, just in case. But no, still broken. An expensive two weeks, and have not bought anything from Rubbermaid since then.
I bought one of those about a year ago and when the spray handle stopped pumping the nozzle I assumed I had broken the mop when it fell down my stairs. After struggling with it for a few months I reluctantly bought a new one since it had worked so well I the beginning only to find the same problem occured. The only way I could make it spray was to sort of slam it down on the floor. After a while the head just split all apart (like the last one had after tumbling down the stairs) so I figured the product is just too fragile for me and also has a 5 time use limit on the sprayer, lame.
I am very frustrated with this product. I bought it some time ago but didn't get around to using it until now. First the a sprayer wouldn't work at all. I looked all over the packaging for some directions. There were none. Went on line and tried removing the little plastic nub as suggested. Now it sprays and leaks all over the place. I put the nub back on but it won't stop leaking all over. I'm extremely disappointed. I trusted Rubbermaid. I had even bought an extra pad. Now I'm going to have to go through a ton of receipts to hopefully find out where I bought it so I can return it.
I had seen the commercials, looked up reviews (i admit, not on rubbermaid site) and decided to try this product. Found it at a great price too. The first time I use it, the bottle leaked from a tiny hole in the bottom of the bottle, top when you insert the bottle into the female adapter part, so i figured that was a vent. The solution sprayed in a good area in front of the mop pad then the handle went slack (not broken) unsure why but the sprayer would not spray again. I think the vent hole was not adequate to properly vent the bottle. In that case it is purely a bad design In my opinion. sponge mops unite! I will not recommend this product.
I purchased this mop because I liked the idea of being able to fill it with whichever cleaning solution I wanted. I thought it would be perfect for a light cleaning of paw prints in between the regular cleaning schedule. The trigger broke during the first use! The trigger lost all tension. The trigger will eventually regain the necessary tension, but only after a long period of time. What was supposed to be a quick, light cleaning will take at least triple the time. Sorry, but I don't have time for that. I even purchased a spare cleaning pad so I would be able to use the mop while the one pad was in the wash. What a waste of money.
Haven't had this for a year yet, and, like many other reviewers, the pole part snapped right off its joint with the sprayer compartment. I considered purchasing another until I realized that I'm not the only Rubbermaid customer with this problem and that similar products by other companies seem to be getting more than just a few months of usage life. I'm moving on, which is too bad, because the sprayer/microfiber mop mechanism actually makes me enjoy mopping...but there are too many other competing products with longer lifespans for me to waste my time and money repurchasing this product until this design flaw is fixed.
My wife and I were looking for an easier way to keep our tile and hardwood floors clean...in comes RUBBERMAID reveal mop to save the day...initially it worked flawlessly until it broke at the mop head/handle connection. I could not find my receipt and thought it was a fluke and purchased a new and improved model, plus I had extra micro fibre cleaning pads. Well the second one seemed to be sturdier at the handle/head connection, however, it just broke at the trigger mechanism/handle. Disappointed more in myself for purchasing this item again...unfortunately it is of poor quality.
I actually have two of these. The older model and the newer one. I was hoping with the newer model rubbermaid would fix the sprayer issue but it doesn't appear as so. I previously used a swifter and I must say I love that with this mop you can wash the pads but at least with swifter the cleaner spray is not an issue.
I was given the Rubbermaid Reveal as a gift from my mother when we moved in to a new home with tile and laminate floors. I too was pleasently surprised at how well it worked. However just like the other users, I used it a couple of times fine and now the sprayer will not spray anymore. So now I have yet another product that was supposed to be the miracle floor cleaner and it doesn't deliver. If you have a spray bottle you can put the cleaner in it and still use the mop but then what makes this any different from all the others now I am very disappointed in this product.
Great idea but stopped working after one time use. I don't believe it's the sprayer, because when the bottle is taken out, the sprayer works. Already going through the second one. I don't care if it has 1year warranty! I got no time to return the product every week. Suggestion to Manufacturer: make bottle less mop the problem will be solved!
Obviously, Rubbermaid does not read their own reviews here (wish I had). I'm on my second and last one of these because the sprayer breaks, you end up squeezing the thing 10 times to get a dribble of water. So, I took mine apart and found the problem, there is a small black rubber one way valve that's supposed to work like a heart valve to only allow the cleacning fluid to flow one way. This valve is so close to the spring in the pump that the spring ends up shredding the business end of the valve. It's a shame that such a well built and designed mop is crippled by one little poorly designed piece of rubber.
I have purchased two of these mops over the past year. The handle on the first one broke after about three months of use. Since I really liked the features of this mop, I purchased another, and I rationalized that it was probably designed with a 5'4' 110 lb user in mind, rather than someone who is 6'4 and 210 lbs. With the second one, I was more careful with the pressure I used when mopping, and I have had no problem with the handle however, again, after about 3 months the spray mechanism no longer works. So I ask, what good is a reusable mopping pad, when the mop itself has to be discarded after 3 months
I bought a reveal mop in February of 2013. I absolutely loved it! It lasted a year!!!! Well worth the . My daughter broke it last week so we went back to walmart and purchased the new and improved reveal mop!!! What a disappointment!!!!! The bottle leaked everywhere and the trigger for the spray would only let you spray once every 30 seconds!!!!! So we took it back to Walmart got another new one, brought it home and it did the exact same thing!!!!!! Guess I will be taking this one back and switching to some other brand!!!!! Have you ever heard of the saying..... If it is not broke, don't fix it
Major design flaws!!! This is the 4th one we brought over the years. I am still using it just because we don't want to waste the few replacement cloths. All of them eventually breaks apart at the joint where the mop head meet the handle stick, usually around a year of use. Found the same problems in this version as others, trigger seems to be smoother than the older version(at first), but fail to work within a month. They change the mop head from solid surface to hollow making it lighter, but with only a few Velco points, the cloth wont stay on and it doesn't give a good contact to the floor as before.
I recently purchased the Reveal spray mop and was excited about the option of using my own products and not having to continually buy replacement pads. However, I was quickly disappointed as the mop NEVER worked. I spent over 30 minutes priming the handle, removing and replacing the bottle and trying every trick I could find online without any success. From the reviews I have found online this seems to be an issue - even if it works when you buy it the pump quickly fails. It would be cheaper to buy swiffer cleaning products for the tools I already have than to have to buy a new mop every other month.
I am on my second mop. Love the convenience of it and being able to mix my own solution but the trigger stopped working on first one so I figured I just wore it out. Bought a second one and broke first time using it! Not happy. 8 months pregnant and washing floor on hands and knees now!
I thought this was a great idea. No bucket and no expensive solution. However, I've had the Rubbermaid Reveal mop for a few months and was mopping this evening and I heard a crack and then the handle snapped completely off at the solution bottle. The mop is now completely unusable as there is no way to fix the broken handle since the trigger part of it broke as wellI have also noticed that since using this mop it doesn't clean the floor very well. I have white floors and have noticed that it doesn't scrub them and in some places, I have stuck on dirt. This mop could use a scrubber pad as well as a better made handle really bad costumer service too!
I bought it a month or two and the trigger get stuck don't buy it
This is the 3rd Reveal Spray Mop that I have purchased, each have failed (at the handle joint adjacent the spray bottle)
After one month the spray bottled started leaking.
I purchased this mop three months ago. Worked fine for about a month and then the sprayer trigger would work sometimes and not others. Until it finally stopped working all together today. And I bought extra mop heads that all have to be thrown out , thereby, increasing the land fill. Do not buy it...you are just filling up the landfill.
I am very disappointed in the Reveal. I bought it after reading reviews and hearing great things about it. At the beginning it did fill my expectations, it was fabulous!! But after only a month of use, the handle snapped in two. Its useless, had to throw it out. I bought the Vleda one after that and it works pretty good. The spray does get stuck and you have to wait before it will spray again, which is super annoying, but I've had it for 2 months and it hasn't broke yet. I was at my friends house and I used her Reveal and guess what The handle snapped in two. I wasn't applying any pressure, just pushing it forward and snap....wth Don't buy it. Wait for a new and improved model!! VERY DISAPPOINTING
Nice concept but the bottle started leaking 2 months after purchase. Of course i dont have the receipt to return. Irritating because it wasn't inexpensive
I've have this mop for maybe 2 months and I hate it. I've used it twice on my tile floors in both my bathroom and my kitchen. I used mr. clean solution mixed with water and rinse all parts well when I'm finished (it takes roughly one bottle to do all 3 rooms). Went to use it twice now and then handle that you squeeze to spray out solution sprays once then jams. I've tired using vinegar through it as well as hot water. thinking that if theres any build up that would get rid of it. And nothing, i now have to use a spray bottle and spray the solution on the floor then use the mop to clean it. The concept is smart but the actual product is JUNK !!! Don't waste your money it's not worth it.
I purchased the Rubbermaid Reveal thinking it would be great for my wood laminate floors. The product does a nice job of cleaning my floor but it leaks like crazy. Each time I move it back and forth it leaves drops and/or puddles on the floor. I returned the first one to the store in hopes that I had a lemon. However, when I got home, I found the 2nd one leaked worse than the first. Each trip to town for me is 20 miles so I'm not real wild about returning it again. Wish I had kept the first one. Now all I have is a very expensive microfiber towel that I can use on my hands and knees because it is absolutely pointless to use it with the mop. Very, very disappointed!!!
I first used this mop at a friend's house after we had a dinner party and I was helping her clean up. I liked how it covered a really large area and didn't leave a dust line like when I use a Swiffer mop. So I decided to buy one. After reading some of the really poor reviews on it, I was apprehensive, but still bought it anyway. Big mistake. I used it once, then I used it a few hours later, and not only did the trigger get stuck, the floor cleaner was leaking all over. I tried to remove the solution container, but it wouldn't come out! I pulled and pulled and finally it came off. I returned it immediately and bought a Vileda one. Hopefully that one will last longer than 6 hours!
I was thrilled at first when I saw the commercial for this product, was looking for something to clean my hardwood floors using cleaning product recommended by manufacturer without the bucket! I went right out and bought it without checking the reviews first. Big mistake, when I got home to use the reveal mop I did have a hard time getting the bottle to spray. With some pressure applied to the bottle it did spray but it also continued to leak and didnt always spray when I wanted it to. Too much frustration using this mop, I will go back to my old bucket and mop. Sorry I wasted my money (somewhat pricey). This product is a good idea but not quite ready for marketing!
I bought this mop about a year ago the bottle on the mop was not good from about the 3rd use and now I cannot find one to replace it
Terrible, mine leaks all over the place. No control over the cleaner, leaks right out without even pushing the level. Terrible...
I went through two of these spray mops, the sprayer stopped spraying in about 30 days on both spray mops making them useless.
We have had two of these in the last 6 months and they both have broken at the base of the handle. I would not recommend.
Used it once it was fine. Tried to use it a second time, it would not work.
Bought this mop on 9-20-13. Its a piece of junk I get on the web site to discover its discontinued What a waste!
Works fine, except the spray function stopped working a few months after we bought the mop. Cheaply made, I guess.
I used this product three times, and loved it. The fourth time I used it, the handle snapped off where it meets the swivel part of the mop. I am by no means a powerful woman, and my floors aren't so dirty that they require excessive scrubbing, so I assure you I didn't apply undue pressure to the unit. I am very disappointed, because I've always found Rubbermaid products to be reliable and a good value. I paid way too much for this product for it to fail on its fourth use.
I have bought 2 of these and its the last time. My handle keeps breaking when I try and push on it it does not spray time to try the Vilita
I purchased the Reveal mop. The pump stopped working on the second use. This seems less than satisfactory.
Very disappointed that the mop didn't last more than a month. Don't waste your money:
It only lasted 6 months , I did really like it but can't afford to by one every 6 months
i bought this mop a few months ago and it just started to leak and won't stop!!!
I WAS VERY SURPISED THE HANDLE MECHANISM BROKE. Unable to order replacement handle.
I am already on my second mop, because the spray trigger stopped working after about six months on the first one. Then, after only a week, the same thing happened on the new one I had purchased. I am very disappointed.
I love the idea of this mop, but after a few uses, the sprayer stopped working.
This is a terrible product! It broke right off the handle in the first week!
I bought this mop a month ago and now the sprayer does not work and it continuously spurts out a single stream without stopping. I want my money back or a replacement.
I have purchased two of these mops in less than a year. The spray handles broke on both of them! Disappointing quality, I will not be buying another one!
I expect more from a Rubbermaid product. First, in order for the spray to land on the floor, the handle (and trigger) must be about a 90deg. angle to the floor. That makes squeezing the trigger quite inconvenient. Second, as cleaner leaves the bottle, the bottle caves in, making it difficult to spray. Third, assuming you can spray cleaner onto the floor, the cloth mop head does not absorb it. It pushes the liquid spreads it well but after mopping a room, the cloth is still dry. Finally, all problems were solved after 4 moppings the trigger is now broken. I must hold the handle upright, squirt, push the handle farther forward (about 45 deg), listen for something in the handle to click, then the trigger is ready again. Worthless!
We bought the first one, had it about 4 months before it snapped. Bought a second, had it about 3 months and it just snapped in the same spot.
This worked once, now it leaks won't spray. It's completely useless. Don't waste your money. It creates more of a mess than anything else.
On my second mop, and it's already started leaking AND the spray trigger is getting stuck. The first mop had one of the plastic pieces on the head snap off. Rubbermaid, so many reviewers are having the same issues, is there nothing you can do to fix the design of this mop Otherwise, I like having a refillable mop with a large mopping pad like this mop, but durability issues are keeping me from recommending this to others.
When will I learn First one I bought worked great for a few months before spray gave out. Same for each additional ones I bought. I'm done. On to a different model.
This product looked good in the store but the sprayer stopped working after two uses. It was expensive but I thought it looked functional.It's a good idea but I would not recommend it.
Bought the machine a month ago, now it does not work, will not buy another. My husband fixed the problem, too bad your designers could not come up with a solution for your machine.
I just bought this mop. It was my third one. With each one, I'm only able to use it for one day, then the next use the trigger doesn't allow the spray to work. I'm so disappointed.
I bought this 3 weeks ago and after about 3 uses it won't stop leaking. It sprays fine, but then leaves big blobs of liquid as I mop. It's also leaking in the storage closet when it's stored. I had a Vileda before this and it lasted 3 years with no problems. I think I'll go back to that one!
I BOUGHT THS ABOUT A MONTH AGO.LOVED IT. THEN THE SPRAYER TRIGGER QUIT WORKING.NO RECIPT SO CAN'T RETURN.I Always loved Rubbermaid but never buy another Of their products!!
I purchased the mop about 6 months ago. I haven't used it much, but when I used it today, the mop head broke off! Not the quality I would have expected from Rubbermaid!!
broke- no replacement parts- rubbermaid does not stand up to there products...............
I have bought 3 reveal mops I love them so much but each time the trigger handle has stopped working. I am so frustrated as the mop makes cleaning so much easier. but unfortunately for 3 times it stops working I. so mad!
I bought this for my new wood floor. I usually have good luck with Rubbermaid products. The fourth time I used it, the handle snapped and it cannot be fixed. I expected it to last much longer than that. I was not happy.
I have bought two mops at separate times. The reason I had bought a second one was because the first one spray trigger broke. The second one also broke not long after. I am not happy that I wasted money on this.
I purchased a SECOND Reveal Mop in January 2013. The FIRST one last me about 2 month, it also broke in pieces. I am not a professional cleaning I just use it on the kitchen. I cant believe that this happened again.
After about 6 months the sprayer only worked on the first spray. I have been using only ProForce no rinse floor cleaner. I tried to run the cap under hot water refill with hot water pump sprayer to no avail.
I bought this about a month and a half ago and it broke. The handle snapped off right where it meets the cleaning insert. I was so excited to purchase this product and am very disappointed. Waste of money!!!
I got this mop about a month ago and the sprayer stopped working. I expected a lot better quality from Rubbermaid I'm extremely disappointed. Would return to the store but I lost the receipt.
The concept is great but the mop does not perform. The trigger gets stuck and the spray, when the trigger works, is weak at best and gets all over everything but not necessarily the floor.
Just like almost everything these days, the reveal spray mop that I thought was the greatest, has proved a disappointment. Less then a year after buying, it has stopped working properly. I stored it empty and upside down to make sure it didn't clog but I can barely get it to spray now.
I have never been so disappointed in a Rubbermaid product. Within in a couple of months after purchase, the spray mechanism stopped working properly. I am now spraying my floor with a hand-held bottle, and then mopping. The same thing happened to my son's mop. DON'T BUY THIS ONE!
This product has been a total disappointment. The rubber seal in the cover dried up and fell apart now it leaks all over the house and won't spray. For what we paid for it I can only tell you never again. I will also discourage anyone I know from buying them. Junk.. pure junk..
I loved the idea of this mop because I don't like all of the disposable items with similar products but this was so cheaply made. I used it several times and it worked fine just was not made very sturdy. Now the sprayer won't spray. Do not waste your money on this product.
I bought this mop about 6 months ago and the sprayer stopped working already. You squeeze the handle once, and it does not come back for another spray. I just bought extra pads and bottles for different cleansers (wood, tile, linoleum), but it is now useless!
I bought this mop yesterday as I needed something that could quickly clean my floors. Rubbermaid usually has quality products but I didn't even get 2 min into cleaning my floors when the handle snapped clean off. I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this.
I am on my second reveal mop. The first one the handle broke off and now the second one has stopped spraying, if I bang it on the floor a couple times, sometimes it will spray. Very dissappointed with this mop. The sad thing is I recommended it to a couple other people and they have also had to return their's.
I thought it was great that I could add my own cleaning spray and reuse the pads but the trigger to spray the cleaner broke and wont spray out the cleaner hardly. We have only used it a handful of times. I would not buy this again and wish I would of saved the box to return and get my wasted money back.
I have purchased this mop four times and the handle has broken every time. The sprayer quits working. The sprayer clogs. The mop pad falls off. Poor engineering! I have video and pictures of how sad it really is. I'm sorry - I don't like writing negative reviews - however, this is not a good product.
Purchased about 5 months ago. Worked very well for a few months then the solution bottle began to leak. If I could purchase just the bottle it would again be a great mop. I'm going to have to look for a product that is more dependable.
I bought this mop really excited that I could use my own cleaners, and I don't need batteries to run it. It worked great for about 2 weeks and then it would not spray anymore. It was a waste of money and I will not be buying another or ever recommending this product. It was a waste of money!!!!
This mop has cracked in two places, both being where the handle connects to the mop head. I keep using vent tape to put it together so I can use it. Before long, I'm sure it will end up being recycled plastic. I like the way it cleans floors, but I can only use it if it stays together.
I am now on the third mop and all have had problems. First one wouldnt spray out of the trigger. Second one worked the first time I used it but wouldnt spray the second time. The third one leaks as soon as the spray bottle is placed into it. Just snap it on and it leaks everywhere. I guess you dont really need the trigger anymore but its become unusable.
I bought this mop at Sams and it has been so much easier to use than previous mops. I enjoyed it for about 3 months and it broke where the handle meets the base. I really liked this mop and had every intention of buying another but after reading multiple reviews with the same problem, I hate to waste money on this product again so I'm mopless for now... :(
I have purchased two of these mops and one is in excellent condition and the other broke within three months. It rusted at the coupling that holds the handle to the mop head. I am very disappointed . I no longer have the warranty info that is needed. i was blind sided by the first mop that is still working fine. Keep your paper work and you will be happy.
I was so excited to use this because, like everyone else, I hate mopping! I think it's great that it's reusable and refillable. Unfortunately, I could never get it to work! The sprayer never sprayed out any solution. I primed the bottle a bunch of times, that seemed fine, and I tried pulling the trigger for five minutes straight and nothing ever came out.
This is my second Reveal mop ! Spray feature quit yet again! Now I am stuck with 2 bottles, 2 pads and a useless stick! DO NOT buy this product!
I have bought TWO of these and both are useless!! The trigger stops working after very few (less than 5) uses. In those few uses, it was great. The trouble is, it STOPS working! I have wasted money thinking the first one I bought was a fluke when the trigger failed. WRONG! I am incredibly disappointed, but will never make that mistake again.
I was very happy with this product until the third time I used it. The hinge where the mop connects to the handle snapped off, it snaps back on but continued to snap off. I like the product - but It does not work. Where do I return this product
I am on my second mop, after the first one broke at the base. Also, the button to push for liquid got stuck and wouldnt spray. I am on my second but, not surprised it's discontinued. I hope the features will be improved upon. Loved the idea!
I have bought TWO of these reveal mops..The first the handle fell off the base of the mop part, and the second one the trigger broke and won't spray..I liked these for the convenience of it, but will not buy another..Waste of my money!!
I bought this mop a month ago first couple times it was great but then it started pouring out and leaving a huge mess, I returned it got a new one and this one won't spray! what a waste of money and my time!
I can't believe the quality of this product. I bought one 5 month ago, used it for just 3 month and broke, then I bought the second one, because I liked the system, and just broke while I was mopping kitchen's floor. DON'T BUY THIS MOP
I really thought I'd found the mop of my dreams but it broke at the bottom joint the third time I used it. It worked great while it stayed in one piece but for the price this is a very poor choice. Had to go out and buy another option.
I am currently about to throw away the second reveal mop I have purchased in the last 6 months. I should have read the reviews first. After a week the sprayer begins to fail and got consistently worse for the following weeks until it quit completely. It is useless now.
They DO NOT offer replacement parts for this...The cleaner leaks out of the plastic bottle lid, and makes the floor a soaking mess... You have to replace the entire mop in order to get it fixed. Not recommend
I loved this mop the first couple times, 2 times. Then the trigger started to stick for 3rd and 4th time. Now it does not work.. I tried to flush it out and have searched the internet for solutions and found very little other than others with the same problem.
I have bought two of these now and the sprayer stopped working on both after a couple months. I use a mild watered down solution of Simple Green or pine sol. I would not purchase this product again until they can put a higher quality sprayer on it.
This is the second one I bought after the first one's handle broke off. I have only had it for a few months and I started having the same problem this time as I did last time which is the spray handle does not want to spray. I thought since it was a newer version that it would be better it worked right for about 2 weeks then started acting up. I wish I would have not wasted my money on another one.
Had the mop for two months and it stopped spraying. The bottle was not leaking but the o-ring was stretched so I replaced it. I've tried priming and putting hot water in the bottle to dissolve any possible blockage in the tubing. Nothing works! I get one full spray after initial bottle installation and nothing more. This would be a great product if it worked. Please replace this defective mop.
I liked it until after a few uses the sprayer broke. It doesn't spray anymore and you can't find replacements of the small scrub patch anywhere!!! You can only find the mop pads!!! This is the second version of this mop I have bought and they both failed in these two ways. I'm so dissapointed because this could be a really convenient cleaning instrument if it weren't for those two things.
I've had two now and thought the first one was defective because the trigger stopped working after a couple of months but now the same thing happened with the second one I bought. I liked being able to fill it with my own solution and washing the pad when needed, but they just don't last.
I love, love, love this mop because the pad is washable and you can use your own cleaning liquid. However I hate it because the hinge at the top for spraying keeps breaking. This is the second mop I've bought thinking the first was probably a defect but it happened again with the second mop. Very disappointed. Other than that its a great product! Rubbermaid I would like a refund or fix this problem and replace it please, thank you!
I loved this when I first got this spray mop . And told several friends about it .But within one month the trigger would not spray out any cleaner so I would move it around to try to get it to engage to spray .very time consuming and frustrating and friends that got one are having the same issue .I feel very bad to recommend this and then it doesn't hold up. So I do not recommend this at all..
The Rubbermaid Reveal Mop is a great concept, however the durability of it is just awful. (Can I give this a zero mark for durability) I have owned two (2) Reveal Mops and each one has broken in exactly the same area (I've also noticed this with other reviews here.) The first Reveal Mop worked great (some trigger issues that I overcame) for about six (6) months then one day while mopping the head broke off where it attaches to the pole. Since I mop my floor several times a week I quickly ran out and purchased another. Today, almost six months later the exact same thing occurred - mop head broke off. I am not rough on this mop, nor do I use it excessively. I just believe the area where head attaches to the pole is made cheaply (plastic!) After a certain number of uses, the area breaks. Considering the cost of this mop and the accessories that go with it, this is not a cheap mop. I do believe that for the price I paid for this mop it should certainly last MUCH longer than 6 months. I will add, my housekeeper (who uses her own Reveal Mop) has gone through three (two broke at the mop head and the last the sprayer stopped spraying) and on her fourth one. So it certainly is not me. It is the product itself. One would think that with all the complaints (I currently see over 600 reviews) that if this is such a prevalent design flaw Rubbermaid would take immediate action to rectify this problem and come up with a more durable solution (ie...metal, or something other than plastic.) Until then I will not purchase another Reveal mop, nor will I recommend it to others.
At first the mop worked great, I loved it because I was pregnant at the time and it made mopping so much easier. Until the spray button broke. Now I have to dump the water from the bottle onto the floor in order to mop. I don't mind doing so but the spray button was much more convenient. I wish I had saved my receipt so I could have returned this product.
I had the original reveal mop and used it weekly for several years with zero issues. After only three uses of this new and improved model the spray part stopped working. I rinsed it out as instructed and it worked for about 5 minutes then stopped working again. Because of the reusable pads, I have continued to use this new model but now I am spraying the floor with a spray bottle of cleaner prior to mopping. Please fix this new and improved model soon or go back to the original model.
I am on my third mop and it breaks in the same spot each time. What can you do to improve this spot.. it is where the neck and bottom fit together. when it breaks it looks like a big screw head..
I love the concept of this mop but the sprayer has quit again, I am on my 3rd mop in 2 years.
I purchased this to replace my O'Cedar spray mop that lasted for 1.5 years. I was extremely happy with it for the first two weeks. I love the wide pad and the scrubbing pad on the topside. It's downfall is that after two weeks, the trigger is no longer effective. I can get a small spray of cleaner, but then have to wait an extremely long time for it to reload. The warranty would have been great if I had saved the receipt. Lesson learned. Back to O'Cedar I go.
I was VERY disappointed when the mop stopped spraying after only a couple of months! The same thing happened to my other brand's mop but that was after years of regular use. The other brand's mop was a powered sprayer so I thought that the manual spray action would be more durable. It turned out to be way less durable. I'm still using the mop but have to spray the floor with a separate spray bottle of cleaning solution and them mop it up. That's really too bad.
I was so excited to try this mop out to replace my Swiffer mop that I had for 7 years. Sadly however, the mop stopped spraying after 2 months. I was mopping weekly with it so it did not last long at all. I am very upset that I wasted my money on this mop.
The concept of this mop is perfect! Just what I need. But the bottle leaks all over the place when in the mop and the trigger will no longer spray. I'm so disappointed! I've had it for about 3 months. If I have to buy a new Reveal every 3 months, it will not be any more cost effective than buying Swiffer pads and solution. I hope Rubbermaid will make this right.
I told my wife NOT to buy this product. I said This stuff always breaks! But she bought this fancy dancy mop anyway. And, surprisingly, it worked! It worked GREAT! For about two months. But like all the other reviewers here, the spray handle stopped working after just a few weeks of use. Typical corporate junk, designed to fail. Rubbermaid ought to be ashamed!
The idea and use of the mop is great. It is so easy to use my five year old loves to mop. The cleaning pads that come with it are awesome. However, my first mop broke after three months and the second mop broke after four months. The plastic breaks right where the aluminum handle connects in to the bottle holder. I would recommend it if it didn't break so easily.
I purchased this mop with high expectation. Boy was i surprized i assembled the mop and nothing happened :( It might save money but you have to do all the work yourself by pouring the fluid on the floor yourself and then mopping. I am going to be returning this item today to the store i purchased it at and will not be buying another rubbermaid product again!!!
Bought 2 and 2 broke. The plastic is weak. First one broke near the head second one broke above the bottle. The convenience and usability are great. To bad they only lasted 3 months each. Maybe I'll try again in a year or so and maybe they will have a redesign. If you are using it for very light use (i.e. you do not have toddlers) then it is a great product.
I used to uuse the swifer, then saw this product and thought hmm if i switch i could save done money in the long run. I was wrong!! This mop is very cheap the sprayer it sself keeps breaking. The red lever on the handle you pull up! I bought another one same thing! AAnd I've tried to fox out and can't. I'm very disappointed and should have never of switched
I don't have the new and improved version, hope it works better than the original version. The new version cost twice as much, I am afraid to spend that much money and the spray stop working. I loved it at first but after a couple of uses the spray stopped working. Now I am using the mop with a spray bottle it defeats the purpose.
I love the convenience of this mop ( the newer version) the first one I had the trigger quick working, called Rubbermaid and got a new one. That one, after 2 months, the trigger quit working also. Called Rubbermaid and got a new one. This one have only had a month and a half, and yet a again the trigger quit. I'm fed up
I received this as a gift from my in-laws. I requested it. I mopped my kitchen and a bathroom a couple days ago. Was about to mop a second bathroom. The trigger sprayed once and went totally slack. Great idea. Too bad it doesn't work. I expect more from Rubbermaid.
The spray nozzle stopped working alltogether so I have to use a separate spray bottle to spray the floors. And the entire handle broke off. Very disappointing. The actual mop works pretty well picking up dust and dirt
I have to second the comment about the spray. I did not read the review before I bought this either, as Rubbermaid is such a big brand and I never doubted that I would have a problem with it. I bought this so I could use the natural cleanser I like even thought I already bought Swiffer wetjet which I never have any problem with. I found there was a mistaken in either the design or the manufacturing of the handle of this Rubbermaid mop, normally I have to wait for minutes before the handle get to the original position for the next spray. So I could not use this mop at all. Rubbermaid really needs to look into this!
Major design flaws!!! This is the 4th one we brought over the years. I am still using it just because we don't want to waste the few replacement cloths. All of them eventually breaks apart at the joint where the mop head meet the handle stick, usually around a year of use. Found the same problems in this version as others, trigger seems to be smoother than the older version(at first), but fail to work within a month. They change the mop head from solid surface to hollow making it lighter, but with only a few Velco points, the cloth wont stay on and it doesn't give a good contact to the floor as before.
I loved the idea of using my own cleaner as opposed to buying other name brand expensive refills and washing the cloth reuseable pads. The first one I purchased began okay and I liked it. After several uses, the bottle became stuck and sprayed out everywhere when it did spray. It broke when I attempted to get it out of the holder even after rinsing between uses. I purchased a second one and the same thing happened. I will not purchase another and go back to my old string mop and my steamer with reuseable pads. Sorry, Rubbermaid has always been a good name, but this product does not do you justice.
Oddly enough I wrote Rubbermaid on line today to mention how my mop unexpectedly snapped at where the metal handle meets the plastic base. I seldom used the fluid bottle, hence why my sprayer handle never broke! I then browsed and found this forum where over 80 reviews that I read quickly all had little positive to say about this product regarding construction or reliability. In concept, it is perfect for ceramic floors, but another one goes to the landfill, as there is no repairing it based on a poor design. What a frustration, based on retail price, and a Canadian 13 sales tax on top.
My mop never sprayed...not even once I was all excited when I saw this mop in the store yesterday - took only a moment to decide to purchace it.. I had been looking for an easy to use mop for my wood floors. I got it home - filled and attached the water bottle (ran water over the top) and squeezed -it didn't work. I had my daughter try it make sure it wasn't just me. so I returned it today. - not sure if I can be bothered trying another one - because even if it sprays, I am not sure I can rely on it to last.
I used this mop one time, it started off great. The spray handle worked like it should, but by the time I was done with my kitchen the cleaner was leaking out and it wasn't functioning correctly. Very disappointed!
I purchased this a month ago, saw negative reviews, but decided to give it a chance since it stated it was New Improved. Well, needless to say, I should have stuck to prior reviews of this product. Within 2 months the handle was broken, I am the only one using it, there are no children using it and I don't understand why Rubbermaid can't get this one right. If there are so many poor reviews, just discontinue this thing. I want a refund, it was purchased from Home Depot on Airline Highway in Baton Rouge, La.
Initially, I was so excited about this product, I mean a mop that you can put your own solution in and just rewash the pads. That is a wonderful idea. Then I purchased the mop and pretty much cleaning went down hill. I have had to replace the solution bottle 4 times in the short 5 months that I have owned the mop. The bottles seal breaks and then the solution leaks all over your floor while storing it. If you have wood floors like me, solution soaking into your wood floors is not a great thing. Randomly, the spout where the solution comes out when the handle is squeezed gets clogged and the handle is very hard to pull and little to no solution is expelled from the mop. I had very high hopes for this mop, have bought Rubbermaid products for quite sometime but am seriously questioning the quality of their products. I hope their customer service is better then their product.
I was so excited to have an easier way to clean my new wood floors, but the first time I tried to use the Reveal, the solution leaked straight out of the bottle onto the floor! The sprayer worked fine, but the water/vinegar just poured out, so it didn't really matter if the sprayer worked or not! I'm taking this thing back and getting a regular mop. The Swiffer was a waste of money too - I'm done with gadgets! And I'd like to know where the detailed instructions are for this mop on your website.
The trigger gets stuck and stops working after only using it a few times. My daughter had one, same problem. Rubber Maid should refund everyone's money. Defective product.
I loved this mop, till the bottle broke and now I can not get a new one What a waste.
Like one of the other customers,I really want to love this product. The sprayer just gets stuck and it won't spray. I use a separate sprayer bottle right now. I spray with a separate bottle, then mop with the Reveal. It's annoying. I didn't save my receipt but have been reading there is a year warranty on this spray mop. Not very satisfied.
Great concept. Worked great the first couple times. Then out of nowhere it started leaking all over. The o ring would come off the bottle when you remove the bottle from the mop. The liquid will leak out from a little air hole on the top of the bottle. Even when placing the bottle in carefully, when you start to mop, the liquid starts pouring out the bottom of the mop. I've tried everything but it won't stop. It starts to become a big mess every time you mop and/or remove the bottle. Wish I had the receipt to take it back. Didn't think this thing would be such a disappointment.
The bottle leaks constantly. I have to remove the bottle when I store it or keep the whole thing in the shower because it leaks so badly. And, if you have to take the mop off, you'll need a beach towel for the leakage. This unit is not worth the hassle.
I have purchased three of these mops over the last year. Each one has broken on me. I really love the idea behind it - using my own cleaner - reusing the cleaning heads. However the mop keeps breaking with minimal use, right at the base. The trigger also sticks at times. The last one broke while in the closet - not even using it. Just picked it up, and it literally fell apart. Well 100 later (three mops), I am mop-less and very disappointed in this product. I expected so much more from a Rubbermaid product. I wish I had kept my receipt this time around, you'd think I would have learned the first two times. So unfortunately I can only give this mop one star, if I could give it a zero due to my issues with it - I would. Buyer beware - it is expensive in comparison to other options, and it will break on you. I don't think I will be buying Rubbermaid products going forward because of this experience.
This is my second Rubbermaid spray mop and the second one to stop working correctly. This mop is only a few months old and the bottle leaks. So everytime I mop the cleaning solution leaks out so fast that I am using up a whole bottle quickly. There are no replacement parts to purchase, so what does a consumer have to do
These mops are great...for a short time. I've been through two of them. I only used distilled water and vinegar to clean with. Both mops stopped spraying after 2 or 3 months. One of them leaked. It's too bad they don't last longer. I won't be buying any more of these mops. Poorly made product.
I have been through 4 of these mops. The first 2 broke (the stick part literally broke into pieces while mopping, after using them for less than 6 months). The last 2 I've had stopped spraying properly. I pull the handle to spray and it just spits out a little bit of the cleaner. I took the first one back to the store, but the replacement one does the same thing. They stopped spraying properly after owning each one for about a day. Disappointing. I expect Rubbermaid to make products that last and work properly for more than a day.
Loved the first one I bought and gave it away during a big move. Purchased a new one and haven't even used it for a month and the sprayer does not work anymore. Tried everything to clean it out or get it going again.
Brought as a replacement to swifter to cut out buying seperate solution. Worked for 2 months before it became hard to get sprayer to work. Realized the bottle attachment mechanism is poor quality. Brought a new bottle. Worked for few weeks, now having same problem - hard getting the spray pump to work and spray solution on floor. Bottle attachment is not allowing airflow through into bottles for manual suction to work, and makes this mop a waste. At the cost of buying new bottle every few weeks, should have stuck to the swifter.If you clean often (weekly, biweekly, or everyday) don't buy. Now I have to look for a new product that allows me to use my own solution.
I have now had to toss out our second one of these reveal mops in the last couple years. The 1 year warranty is less than convenient since both of our mops seem to bite the dust (no pun intended) shortly there after. I love the concept of this product, removeable and washable pads, refillable and changable bottles the little scrubber to get those tough spots off the floor...however I really wish Rubbermaid would consider upgrading the quality of construction. Would not recommend if you want something long term and we will not being buying a 3rd one. Now I have multiple bottles and pads that are rendered useless. Very disappointing.
Although I like this in concept, it breaks with minimal pressure....we're cleaning here, right First, it was the trigger handle, and then the shaft where it attaches to the sprayer/pad section. Poor design for cheap, molded plastic parts.
I love the concept of the Reveal Spray Mop, but it leaks!! I always check to make sure the bottle is inserted correctly, but no matter what I do, the solution leaks and leaves puddles behind so I have to keep going over the floor to make sure I haven't missed any. I don't even need to use the sprayer!
I purchased this product only yesterday in anticipation of being able to use my own cleaning solution. I currently own a Swiffer, but I don't like its sickenening sweet smelling solutions. After removing the difficult packaging, trying not to tear it in case I had to return the item and I then attempted to use the mop. I made sure that the bottle was seated correctly and even depressed the tab to make sure that my cleaning solution would dispense. I depressed the sprayer mechanism repeatedly for about 30 seconds. Nothing happened! Got online to troubleshoot, read the company's recommendations for priming- it was everything I had already done, but I tried it once again! Again.... nothing happened! I am packaging this item as soon as I finish this review and it is being returned to the retailer posthaste. I will purchase the O'Cedar product to see if its quality and functionality is any better. Sorry, Rubbermaid, but I am not happy with this product!
Twice today and twice two days ago, the cleaning solution bottle fell out of my new Rubbermaid Reveal Spray mop. I find this completely unacceptable in a mop and extremely frustrating considering how much money I invested into this mop and the spare bottle and pad. The purple mop I was hoping to replace with this one never had that kind of malfunction. So I hope that Rubbermaid corrects this design flaw soon. And while you're at it, Rubbermaid design team, please consider making a battery operated spray mechanism for folks with conditions, such as arthritis, who have difficulty with grip. Squeezing the sprayer handle is tough on some of us and makes the purple mop more desirable as well, I am sorry to say.
Good concept -- poor design. Unlike most of the negative reviews, I did NOT have any problems with the sprayer or bottle. They worked fine. My problem was (like Oregon101) the mop head fell off after only the third time I used it. I kept re-attaching it but it would keep falling off during use -- very frustrating. After closer inspection I can see why -- poor design in how the mop head is attached to the handle. After a few uses and exerting heavy pressure during mopping the handle clip is pushed open and will not close enough to secure the mop head any more. Maybe if you are dainty and don't push down on it the attachment will last longer, but I'm 6'3 and 225 lbs, and I was just trying to clean my kitchen floor. I replaced with a similar mop from Clorox, which has a solid clip/pin where the mop head attaches, so I don't expect the same issue. I always think Rubbermaid high quality, so this was a big disappointment after only a few uses.
I normally don't review products online, but had to with this one. I first bought a Reveal mop two years ago or so and, like so many other reviewers, had a problem with the trigger after working for about a month (I don't clean a lot, so that's probably two sessions -lol). I decided to give the mop another try and bought the new and improved version and - once again - after less than a month, the trigger won't work! I'm not sure what's happening here, but I can't get my money back from Target because I threw out the packaging. I'll maybe try the Libman that someone else referred to in their review. Won't keep me away from Rubbermaid, just this product (and anything else that has a trigger)!
I bought this about a month and a half and the handle won't pull back to spray the solution. Have tried everything and it still will not spray anything out.
I only used my mop twice and trigger got clogged, I gently took it apart and fixed it however next time clogged again poor design, I don't like it at all.
This mop worked great when I first got it but the handle broke after only one month! Don't waste your money!
This is my 4th mop and the same thing happens. Trigger keep braking.
Because of back surgery, I have lifting restrictions. This is mop was a blessing, until the trigger broke again. This is my second reveal spray mop. Will not be purchasing another.
I really like the design of this mop. The swivel head and low profile allow me to get into tiny spaces as well as quickly covering large areas. Win-win. The scrubber is OK but could be a little coarser and have longer fibers to get into cracks between tile. The removable pad is wonderful and I love being able to use my own cleaner. Having the bottle on the wand makes this grab n' go mop super convenient. BUT... the bottle collapses and stays that way after a few squirts and after two weeks of use the bottle no longer holds water upside down. The leak is so big it literally pours out and I can no longer use the mop the way it's intended. Other reviews I read (after having problems) mentioned some of the same issues. This could be a better mop if the parts were better quality.
After I discarded the electric spray mop version of this from Swiffer I felt happy to get the refillable manual-pump version from Rubbermaid. Well, not so happy now. The manual pump failed on the first refill. Just like cheap spray bottles, it stopped spraying way too soon. I did not get my money's worth of if it. Maybe you will. I'm told that a friend has one that has worked and worked and worked. So, for the two of these mops in-use that I know of Rubbermaid is running 50/50 on quality. Not great odds. As far as the rest of the mop goes it's fine. The hook and loop cleaning pad fastener is good and strong. The handle, pole and universal joint at the head end is fine. The mop end works as you would expect it to. The sprayer did not.
I have been waiting for my other mop to break so I could buy this one. I was so excited I could use my own cleaner. It worked great for the first few time. Now it works once in a while. The sprayer stops and the cleaner just drips out. It is a great idea for a mop it just needs to be redesigned.
I liked the idea of this mop using water vinegar, plus the pad could be washed in the washing machine. After using the mop many times, the trigger handle stopped working and the sprayer didn't work anymore. I'm disappointed in this product.
This is my second one purchased the first one broke only a month after having it but I thought maybe one of the kids helped break it but this time I didn't let them use it at all and not the sprayer won't work on it I cleaned it with fresh water and i though it fixed the problem but nope still doesn't work
I was very excited to purchase this revolutionary new mop. The concept was wonderful and it worked great for a short while. Then it began to fail in several areas. First the spray nozzle clogged. I could deal with that by cleaning it with warm water. However, then it began to leak, a lot! I left it standing upright against the wall after cleaning the floor and returned after only a short while to discover the entire bottle empty and that it had seeped under a square of the laminate flooring and nearby molding and warped them. I checked to make sure the bottle was in correctly and everything was secure and it was, I then noticed that it was leaking from the seam underneath the spray nozzle where the red and gray parts meet. Now the liquid just pours out of there. Also, the handle often detaches from the mop head. This product could also use a scrubbing area for stuck on dirt as if any pressure is used on the handle it seperates from the mop head. This is not the quality I have come to expect from Rubbermaid.
I just purchased this product and I am sad to say I am highly disappointed again ( I owned one before ). I trusted the brand name and chose this item against all the other brands that are out there. Here are my thoughts. The new and improved little scrubber is a great addition, however it doesn't make up for the faultiness of the rest of the product. The design of the handle is good it fits comfortably in the palm of the hand , however, the spray function is frustrating. The product does not allow you to spray as needed but rather one pump at a time, which may be more economically yet highly frustrating if you try to clean up a big mess fast and effectively. In my particular case, the spray function pretty much stopped working properly all together. I guess my mop is faulty all together and I certainly wasted my money a second time around. I do like the colors and design as well as the ability to mix my own cleaning solution and wash the mop in the washing machine. Still, I am upset to have wasted my money .
I am on my second mop in a year and a half. The trigger keeps breaking. I loved the mop otherwise, but I can't afford to purchase a new on every few months. Doesn't break until it is too late to take back. I will not be recommending this product.
This is my 2nd and last Rubbermaid Reveal Mop. I loved using my first one until it just broke apart in my hands. I figured it was a year old and had done me well up until that point, so I bought my 2nd one. Today was the second time I've used it and the darn trigger for the solution doesn't work right. I agree with another user who stated, I love my mop, but, after spraying you have to wait as much as 10-20 seconds before you can spray again, I've tried different methods nothing works. Still use it but get upset about this factor every time. I clean vacated apartments and while cleaning today got so frustrated, I ended up on my hands and knees to finish the floor! You've got to do something to make this product worth our time and money!
I purchased this product at Walmart and used a homemade mixture of vinegar, water and essential oils (for good smell) to clean the floor, which I have been using for a while. I filled up the bottle and it worked for about 10 minutes, then the squirting mechanism stopped working. The handle went sort of limp and no liquid would spray out. I checked the bottle and the spray nozzle area and nothing was blocking it. I drove back to Walmart and explained what happened, they refunded me and I bought a second one. I used it in two different occasions with no problems but on the third time that I took it out to use, the SAME problem happened! The squirting mechanism was not working! Now I am using a spray bottle to spray the product on the floor. The pad is great, that's why I didn't toss it all in the trash. In less than 2 months, I had two of them break for no reason! I am a careful person and I have had cleaning tools for over 5 years or longer that are still working. This is very upsetting to me and a waste of money.
I bought my original Reveal spray mop about 5 years ago and I LOVED IT. I used it everyday on my all wood floor home and it kept my floors shiney and perfectly clean. I was heartbroke when my husband tried to help out with chores and broke it. I immediately went to Home Depot and bought another. When I saw it on the shelf I noticed it was a newer model and I could feel it was lighter.... but considering how much I loved my old one I bought it without much second thought. I brought home and used it one time and then the spray handle broke. I returned it to the store and got a refund. I don't think it was a one time malfunctioning product. A family member asked me prior to my resent experience what I used on my floors and I recommended the Reveal. They took my advice and there's did the same thing to them too. I am so disappointed. Why would you take a great product and make it poorer quality I am back to shopping for a quality microfiber spray mop system.
I've been using this once a week for 4 months with a cleaner designed for spray mops, and it needs constant disassembly and unclogging, or else the trigger won't reset properly between sprays. I do NOT recommend this product.
i bought this for my new house worked the first time but when i went to use it a few days later the thing would not spray and can find the receipt to return it. waste of money should have bought the reveal one again as it lasted me almost 5 years.
We bought this mop and we're so excited the first two times we used it because it worked well even on our hardwood floors. But, then the spray handle stopped working completely. I am so bummed because this would have been really, really good. Definitely don't recommend especially after reading all the comments of purchasers who have the same issue. Looks like they have a manufacturing issue-- if it's reengineered or made with higher quality materials it could work. Don't buy!
I have purchased two of these mops within the past year. When they work, they work really well. The problem is that they are obviously made with inferior parts. The first one stopped spraying after about 2 months of use. The second began leaking within probably the same time frame or perhaps a little longer,. My husband looked inside the second one and found what appeared to be a small cap designed to hold back the water, which was made of something like saran wrap and had torn lose. Truthfully, I liked the mops so much while they lasted that I would buy yet another one if I had the remotest confidence that it might make it to the one-year mark, but I am not that gullible. I cannot believe Rubbermaid management would put the company name on such a poorly constructed product. I've always viewed Rubbermaid a very reliable company but no longer. I wonder how many of these reviews were written by someone who had used the mop for more than 6 months - few if any, I'll bet.
I thought the bottle was my problem so I bought a new one. The bottle was not the problem, it's the mop itself. When the handle is pressed, nothing sprays out. If I press down on the bottle hard with one hand and spray with my other hand, I get spray. It's very tiring having to do this with every spray. Disappointing mop
I bought my first Rubbermaid mop a few years ago. The shop I bought it from gives a lifetime guarantee with receipt. I have probably exchanged for a new mop about six times, maybe more. It's always something, either the stick falls apart, the sprayer stops working, to liquid starts to leak from the spraying mechanism. It is a shame because the pads are good and when it works properly this is the best mop in terms of the width of the spray, ease of spraying and getting a thorough, streak-free cleaning. But it is a hassle to constantly return it. Sometimes the mop doesn't even work for more than a few cleanings before breaking. I tried the hardware store's generic brand and had the same kind of problem, so I think it is the nature of these mops, it seems impossible to manufacture one that doesn't break. I have had more luck with ones where you use your own spray bottle, but they are not nearly as convenient to use. I can only live in hope that one day someone will manufacture one of these that does not break!
I am very disappointed. Every time i use it the liquid just leaks out the back of the mop.
BOUGHT THIS MOP AT TARGET TODAY AND THE HANDEL BROKE OFF. FIRST TIME USING IT. IT SAID ON THE PACKAGE NEW AND IMPROVED. SAVE YOUR MONEY.
I bought this recently from Grocery Store. I have not seen such a low quality product. Overall build quality is very bad. Bottle cannot be fixed properly. Sprayer do not work. Why do companies make such products in 21st century! Product says visit online for assembly instructions and more details, but website says we don't have it now!!!
Good design, poor quality. Cleaning product leaks everywhere ...
Mop and idea is great, easy to use and does a good job cleaning, however sprayer quit working after approx. 10-12 uses. Very disappointing!
I bought my first reveal mop about 3 months ago - it worked wonderfully for about a month, until the trigger to spray water, stopped working. It was pretty useless at that point. Since we had our house on the market, and I had to have clean floors at all times, I bought another reveal mop. The same thing happened again - the trigger stopped working after about 6 weeks. Very disappointing!
I have been through 3 of these in less then a month! Each time, the sprayer stops working for no reason at all! If I have been through 3 already....and ALL 3 with the SAME issue, then you know it's a bad product!
We bought this mop about 3 weeks ago and used it once and it was great. The second time we took it out to mop up the trigger wouldn't work and it basically became a glorified dry Swiffer. We dumped the bottle on the ground and mopped up the water that way. USELESS. Poor design.
Just tried and it does not spray. Had someone else try still didn't work.
Great product --- when it worked. However, as others have pointed out, the trigger that releases the spray stopped working soon after we purchased it. Now looking for another one ... but not from Rubbermaid.
For use when it works...I LOVE this mop! I love how it works, I love the pads and how easy they wash up...However, the spray mechanism keeps breaking. You spray and then you have to wait a long delay before it lets you spray again. It is just worked for 2 months... I'm disappointed.
Loved the idea of using my own cleaning solution and this worked great when I first got it. It just stopped spraying. If I let it stand in a upright position for about five minutes I could get one spray. Because I spent a fortune on the pads, I still use it but put the cleaning solution in a spray bottle and spray the floor that way. Very disappointing.
Apparently, I am not alone in my disappointment in this mop. I loved the ease of use, the fact that I could select my own cleaning product to use, and I trusted the Rubbermaid name. But in the end, after only a few successful uses the trigger spray mechanism failed. (And all the King's horses and all the King's men...) I tried to make it work again to no avail. I had forgotten all about it until i moved recently, and picked it up again in the new basement, just in case. But no, still broken. An expensive two weeks, and have not bought anything from Rubbermaid since then.
I loved the idea of using my own cleaner as opposed to buying other name brand expensive refills and washing the cloth reuseable pads. The first one I purchased began okay and I liked it. After several uses, the bottle became stuck and sprayed out everywhere when it did spray. It broke when I attempted to get it out of the holder even after rinsing between uses. I purchased a second one and the same thing happened. I will not purchase another and go back to my old string mop and my steamer with reuseable pads. Sorry, Rubbermaid has always been a good name, but this product does not do you justice.
Bought this mop 2 months ago and the mop broke. Loved it till it broke, now I'm looking for a new mop and it wont be yours. Also my sister and brother each bought one because I told them how great it was and theirs broke to. Would never recommend this product to anyone. Totally disappointed.
I can't believe the quality of this product. I bought one 5 month ago, used it for just 3 month and broke, then I bought the second one, because I liked the system, and just broke while I was mopping kitchen's floor. DON'T BUY THIS MOP
Had the original reveal and loved it! Saw the new one and decided to purchase it. Since the original purchase of this new and improved Reveal, we have returned and repurchased twice. The trigger that allows you to spray keeps breaking! Ready to move on to another company!
I've had two now and thought the first one was defective because the trigger stopped working after a couple of months but now the same thing happened with the second one I bought. I liked being able to fill it with my own solution and washing the pad when needed, but they just don't last.
This is my second Reveal mop ! Spray feature quit yet again! Now I am stuck with 2 bottles, 2 pads and a useless stick! DO NOT buy this product!
I was so excited to try this mop out to replace my Swiffer mop that I had for 7 years. Sadly however, the mop stopped spraying after 2 months. I was mopping weekly with it so it did not last long at all. I am very upset that I wasted my money on this mop.
i bought this for my new house worked the first time but when i went to use it a few days later the thing would not spray and can find the receipt to return it. waste of money should have bought the reveal one again as it lasted me almost 5 years.
I liked the idea of this mop using water vinegar, plus the pad could be washed in the washing machine. After using the mop many times, the trigger handle stopped working and the sprayer didn't work anymore. I'm disappointed in this product.
I bought this mop a month ago first couple times it was great but then it started pouring out and leaving a huge mess, I returned it got a new one and this one won't spray! what a waste of money and my time!
I am on my second mop in a year and a half. The trigger keeps breaking. I loved the mop otherwise, but I can't afford to purchase a new on every few months. Doesn't break until it is too late to take back. I will not be recommending this product.
I bought this 3 weeks ago and after about 3 uses it won't stop leaking. It sprays fine, but then leaves big blobs of liquid as I mop. It's also leaking in the storage closet when it's stored. I had a Vileda before this and it lasted 3 years with no problems. I think I'll go back to that one!
I am already on my second mop, because the spray trigger stopped working after about six months on the first one. Then, after only a week, the same thing happened on the new one I had purchased. I am very disappointed.
On my second mop, and it's already started leaking AND the spray trigger is getting stuck. The first mop had one of the plastic pieces on the head snap off. Rubbermaid, so many reviewers are having the same issues, is there nothing you can do to fix the design of this mop Otherwise, I like having a refillable mop with a large mopping pad like this mop, but durability issues are keeping me from recommending this to others.
Nice concept but the bottle started leaking 2 months after purchase. Of course i dont have the receipt to return. Irritating because it wasn't inexpensive
I purchased this mop three months ago. Worked fine for about a month and then the sprayer trigger would work sometimes and not others. Until it finally stopped working all together today. And I bought extra mop heads that all have to be thrown out , thereby, increasing the land fill. Do not buy it...you are just filling up the landfill.
I used this product three times, and loved it. The fourth time I used it, the handle snapped off where it meets the swivel part of the mop. I am by no means a powerful woman, and my floors aren't so dirty that they require excessive scrubbing, so I assure you I didn't apply undue pressure to the unit. I am very disappointed, because I've always found Rubbermaid products to be reliable and a good value. I paid way too much for this product for it to fail on its fourth use.
Great idea but stopped working after one time use. I don't believe it's the sprayer, because when the bottle is taken out, the sprayer works. Already going through the second one. I don't care if it has 1year warranty! I got no time to return the product every week. Suggestion to Manufacturer: make bottle less mop the problem will be solved!
We bought this mop about 3 weeks ago and used it once and it was great. The second time we took it out to mop up the trigger wouldn't work and it basically became a glorified dry Swiffer. We dumped the bottle on the ground and mopped up the water that way. USELESS. Poor design.
I actually have two of these. The older model and the newer one. I was hoping with the newer model rubbermaid would fix the sprayer issue but it doesn't appear as so. I previously used a swifter and I must say I love that with this mop you can wash the pads but at least with swifter the cleaner spray is not an issue.
Like one of the other customers,I really want to love this product. The sprayer just gets stuck and it won't spray. I use a separate sprayer bottle right now. I spray with a separate bottle, then mop with the Reveal. It's annoying. I didn't save my receipt but have been reading there is a year warranty on this spray mop. Not very satisfied.
I used this mop one time, it started off great. The spray handle worked like it should, but by the time I was done with my kitchen the cleaner was leaking out and it wasn't functioning correctly. Very disappointed!
This is my second Rubbermaid spray mop and the second one to stop working correctly. This mop is only a few months old and the bottle leaks. So everytime I mop the cleaning solution leaks out so fast that I am using up a whole bottle quickly. There are no replacement parts to purchase, so what does a consumer have to do
I am on my third mop and it breaks in the same spot each time. What can you do to improve this spot.. it is where the neck and bottom fit together. when it breaks it looks like a big screw head..
This is my 3rd mop and the triggers keep getting stuck, they ready need to revamp this mop. Also it leaks
As much as I love this mop I really hate the fact that the trigger quits so quickly. Looks lke I am one of many unhappy customers. For what this mop cost you would think that Rubbermaid could fix this issue. On to the next mop.....
I used this mop exactly twice and the trigger stopped working. Not only does it not spray, but the trigger rod is not attached to anything on the bottle end of the handle, it just seems to balance there on the rod. Took it all apart, tried to fix it, it sprayed once and the trigger was flopping around disconnected again. I have the old, discontinued mop which still works great, but the bottle broke for that one, and these bottles are not interchangeable. Wish I could return it!!!
This mop COULD be such a good thing. The trigger is a piece of junk. Occasionally it will work and I will get 3 sprays out of it but mostly not. I end up taking the bottle off and pouring solution on the floor and then using the mop portion. So many bad reviews on the trigger part, why don't you fix this
The spray function stops working. The functionality is lost if it won't spray. I purchased this same mop years ago and forgot it stopped working. I'm so annoyed.
For use when it works...I LOVE this mop! I love how it works, I love the pads and how easy they wash up...However, the spray mechanism keeps breaking. You spray and then you have to wait a long delay before it lets you spray again. It is just worked for 2 months... I'm disappointed.
Not long after buying the spray trigger would not reset. Had to bang on floor to get trigger tension to spray
broke- no replacement parts- rubbermaid does not stand up to there products...............
I love the idea of this mop, as I had a swiffer, but hated that you had to buy their cleaning solution. I bought his mop and by the fifth use the sprayer stopped working! The sprayer would spray once and then just go slack. After about five minutes it would return and you can spray it again. It's faster to just remove the bottle and drip solution in the floor! Major design flaw with this thing and I feel like I threw money in the trash! Rubbermaid FAIL!
I invested in this mop and an extra scrubbing pad because I could not find anything that did not leave a film on my floor. This worked AT FIRST, better than the other mops I've used, but now the O-ring that goes around the top of the bottle got loose and it leaks terribly! Now I find out that they don't sell replacement parts! I won't be paying to replace this mop because the O-ring will just stretch out again. Like I said, piece of junk!
Purchased about 5 months ago. Worked very well for a few months then the solution bottle began to leak. If I could purchase just the bottle it would again be a great mop. I'm going to have to look for a product that is more dependable.
I received this as a gift from my in-laws. I requested it. I mopped my kitchen and a bathroom a couple days ago. Was about to mop a second bathroom. The trigger sprayed once and went totally slack. Great idea. Too bad it doesn't work. I expect more from Rubbermaid.
Solution pump jammed after maybe 5 uses. Looks like everybody's having the same problem. You'd think for 30 plus tax this over-priced gadget would actually work...
Painted my garage floor to keep it clean. Rain, snow, and dirt had other ideas as cars go in and out frequently. Dirty floor happens frequently as a consequence. BUT REVEAL FLOOR MOP quickly to the rescue as it wipes up dirt and leaves the floor clean and shiny, and using just water in the reservoir! Have extra mops for those really bad days. Best idea ever!
I've have this mop for maybe 2 months and I hate it. I've used it twice on my tile floors in both my bathroom and my kitchen. I used mr. clean solution mixed with water and rinse all parts well when I'm finished (it takes roughly one bottle to do all 3 rooms). Went to use it twice now and then handle that you squeeze to spray out solution sprays once then jams. I've tired using vinegar through it as well as hot water. thinking that if theres any build up that would get rid of it. And nothing, i now have to use a spray bottle and spray the solution on the floor then use the mop to clean it. The concept is smart but the actual product is JUNK !!! Don't waste your money it's not worth it.
I should have learned the third time I purchased this mop. It works awesome. but I had to buy one ever six months the spray mechanism keeps breaking. now I am done will never purchase one again
I am very upset that I can't even get a replacement bottle for the cleaning solution. I paid what was a lot of money to me for this mop and it does the job but the bottle has collaped and won't hold solution, or enough, anymore. So now I have to throw away a perfectly good mop cause I can't buy a solution bottle for it. NOT HAPPY
I loved this when I first got this spray mop . And told several friends about it .But within one month the trigger would not spray out any cleaner so I would move it around to try to get it to engage to spray .very time consuming and frustrating and friends that got one are having the same issue .I feel very bad to recommend this and then it doesn't hold up. So I do not recommend this at all..
It worked great the first time that I used it. Second time, not so much. The spray head is clogged and spraying eraticly and dripping all over. This is my second one. I bought another thinking that the first one must have been defective.
I have had this product about 5 months the last 8 weeks or so the spray does not work, Rubbermaid used to be good quality
I have purchased 2 of these mops in the last 6 months. The first one I bought broke after about 3 months. The one I have now will not spray properly. I have used it about 2 months. I am still using it because I do not wish to invest any more money. I use it with a spray bottle in my other hand. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
When will I learn First one I bought worked great for a few months before spray gave out. Same for each additional ones I bought. I'm done. On to a different model.
Such a great concept - I was looking forward to saving money - luckily I didn't throw my other product away. If the problems were fixed, I would try again, but the reviews on line would have to improve greatly! Wish I had read them before purchasing. I would recommend other Rubbermaid products - but not this one. I got one good use out of it and then the sprayer quit working. I have no desire to carry around a spray bottle while cleaning my floors.
Major design flaws!!! This is the 4th one we brought over the years. I am still using it just because we don't want to waste the few replacement cloths. All of them eventually breaks apart at the joint where the mop head meet the handle stick, usually around a year of use. Found the same problems in this version as others, trigger seems to be smoother than the older version(at first), but fail to work within a month. They change the mop head from solid surface to hollow making it lighter, but with only a few Velco points, the cloth wont stay on and it doesn't give a good contact to the floor as before.
Major design flaws!!! This is the 4th one we brought over the years. I am still using it just because we don't want to waste the few replacement cloths. All of them eventually breaks apart at the joint where the mop head meet the handle stick, usually around a year of use. Found the same problems in this version as others, trigger seems to be smoother than the older version(at first), but fail to work within a month. They change the mop head from solid surface to hollow making it lighter, but with only a few Velco points, the cloth wont stay on and it doesn't give a good contact to the floor as before.
I bought this mop with high expectations, used 5-6 times and the trigger now doesn't work,very disappointed.
I bought this mop about 6 months ago and the sprayer stopped working already. You squeeze the handle once, and it does not come back for another spray. I just bought extra pads and bottles for different cleansers (wood, tile, linoleum), but it is now useless!
I loved it! Then the sprayer stopped working. So disappointed. And I just bought extra pads for it. Useless now.
Mop head does not swivel well. Mop head broke off after about a month.
After approximately a year the head broke off. If you have replacement parts then I would be interested in hearing from you
bought this about 6 weeks ago in spite of the bad reviews. it has worked great for 5-6 times of use, then the sprayer quit working. this seems to be a major problem with this product. what a shame its a great concept.
This is the second one that the mop head just broke off....I will not replace it again. The concept is great...but the lifespan is short.
Sprayer stopped working maybe after using 4 times.. It is soooooo frustrating when I read review after review with the same issue . You would think Rubbermaid would do something about it. Poor quality control from where I sit
The product does not work effectively, the nozzle head plugs.
The concept is great but the mop does not perform. The trigger gets stuck and the spray, when the trigger works, is weak at best and gets all over everything but not necessarily the floor.
I really like the design of this mop. The swivel head and low profile allow me to get into tiny spaces as well as quickly covering large areas. Win-win. The scrubber is OK but could be a little coarser and have longer fibers to get into cracks between tile. The removable pad is wonderful and I love being able to use my own cleaner. Having the bottle on the wand makes this grab n' go mop super convenient. BUT... the bottle collapses and stays that way after a few squirts and after two weeks of use the bottle no longer holds water upside down. The leak is so big it literally pours out and I can no longer use the mop the way it's intended. Other reviews I read (after having problems) mentioned some of the same issues. This could be a better mop if the parts were better quality.
Terrible. The bottle collapses when spraying causing the spraying action to fail. This is my second one. Great idea - if it worked.
This mop has no life span at all. Agree with other post. Starts to leak like crazy making it totally useless
I would give it 0 star if I could. This is my second one. It quits spraying and the trigger doesn't last.
I bought one of these mops a few years ago. It worked great, until I mopped a little to vigorously, and it broke. I purchased a new one, and it's a disaster. The water leaks out and makes a gigantic mess. I tried switching out the new bottle with the old bottle, but that did not help. I hope rubbermaid can make this right.
This gave out two weeks after we bought! Would not recommend
As many the sprayer stopped working and then the handle broke at the sprayer.
I bought this mop 6 weeks ago. The handle quit spraying. Wish I have would have gone with a swifter instead. Definitely needs updates. Rubbermaid is a good brand. Just failed on this product.
I bought this less than a month ago and the squeeze trigger handle is broken
This is my second REVEAL spray mop. We had the first one for about a month before the squeeze handle broke and would not spray out anymore of the cleaning product. So I bought a new one thinking maybe I just bought a faulty one. The second one lasted about 1-2 weeks and no the same thing has happened. I am so upset because for the first couple of uses, I really loved this mop but if it only works 2-3 times, I'd rather buy something else!
Will NOT buy again. The squirt feature quits after several uses. Have tried cleaning with bleach, using distilled water, etc. Just quits! FAIL!!!!!
Used it for a few months and then the sprayer stopped working. Also started leaking.
Horrible I used only a few times and it doesn't spray. Do not buy if your smart. I wouldn't even give it one star but I had to.
I have bought two mops at separate times. The reason I had bought a second one was because the first one spray trigger broke. The second one also broke not long after. I am not happy that I wasted money on this.
Not even 1 month old. Sprayer will not spray. For the price, need much better quality.
I got this mop about a month ago and the sprayer stopped working. I expected a lot better quality from Rubbermaid I'm extremely disappointed. Would return to the store but I lost the receipt.
Obviously, Rubbermaid does not read their own reviews here (wish I had). I'm on my second and last one of these because the sprayer breaks, you end up squeezing the thing 10 times to get a dribble of water. So, I took mine apart and found the problem, there is a small black rubber one way valve that's supposed to work like a heart valve to only allow the cleacning fluid to flow one way. This valve is so close to the spring in the pump that the spring ends up shredding the business end of the valve. It's a shame that such a well built and designed mop is crippled by one little poorly designed piece of rubber.
This mop made it 9 months before the spray trigger stopped working. I should have checked the reviews first.
Unfortunately I don't have my receipt for this mop but am very disappointed that you don't even get a year before the spray on the handle quits working
I have purchased 3 of these mops and they have all failed. The first one had problems with the trigger and I then bought the new and improved to no avail. The water bottles started leaking on the new and improved. If not for this, it would be a great product. Don't waste your money.......
I have bought TWO of these reveal mops..The first the handle fell off the base of the mop part, and the second one the trigger broke and won't spray..I liked these for the convenience of it, but will not buy another..Waste of my money!!
Great product --- when it worked. However, as others have pointed out, the trigger that releases the spray stopped working soon after we purchased it. Now looking for another one ... but not from Rubbermaid.
This mop has cracked in two places, both being where the handle connects to the mop head. I keep using vent tape to put it together so I can use it. Before long, I'm sure it will end up being recycled plastic. I like the way it cleans floors, but I can only use it if it stays together.
I am now on the third mop and all have had problems. First one wouldnt spray out of the trigger. Second one worked the first time I used it but wouldnt spray the second time. The third one leaks as soon as the spray bottle is placed into it. Just snap it on and it leaks everywhere. I guess you dont really need the trigger anymore but its become unusable.
I am on my 3rd and last spray mop. The 1st one lasted me the longest. Maybe 6mo or a year. Not quite sure. The 2nd one lasted a few months and this 3rd one has been in use for about a month. The trigger has broken on all three of them. I clean my floors about every other day, every 3 days so the mop gets frequent use, but it shouldn't break within a month or even a couple months. I like that you can use whatever cleaner you use with this one, but it doesn't last. If you use it rarely, it may be fine. But for regular use don't waste your money.
I bought one of these for my new home when we moved in May and it lasted a couple months before the trigger began to stick. Because it was very convenient and worked well at cleaning the wood floor, I decided to buy another thinking it was just a bad unit I purchased initially. After 3 months or less using the new one, it is now experiencing the same problems and is a matter of time before it is completely useless like the first one.
Sprayer stop functioning almost immediately. Good concept poor design
I LIKE HOW ITS WORKS, BUT IS MY 3RD WHICH IS NOT WORKING AFTER 2-3 MONTH. THE MAIN PROBLEM IS THE TRIGGER, STOPS WORKING AFTER A WHILE. I WISH THEY WILL MAKE IT BETTER.
I only used my mop maybe 5-8 times for small areas of my house before the sprayer handle malfunctioned. Now, i have to wait 11 seconds for it to pop back out to do another spray. Needless to say i just pour cleaner on the floor then mop it up otherwise it would take all day. I love the idea of this mop but it's clearly very poor quality. I wish i could get a (functioning) replacement though!
i bought this mop a few months ago and it just started to leak and won't stop!!!
Very disappointed that the mop didn't last more than a month. Don't waste your money:
I love the idea of this mop, but after a few uses, the sprayer stopped working.
I purchased the product 10 days ago from a retailer. After using the product many times to spot mop messes, I was happy with the result. After only 10 days of using it sparingly, the refillable container began to leak profusely. I can no longer use the mop with the container and as such it has become a Swiffer.
I purchased the mop about 6 months ago. I haven't used it much, but when I used it today, the mop head broke off! Not the quality I would have expected from Rubbermaid!!
This mop doesn't last very long because the spray trigger just stopped working. I won't buy another one of these.
Worked great for the first couple uses then trigger gets clogged EVERY single time, to much of a hassle.
The trigger stopped working after 5 uses. Really
I bought this and the trigger failed after a few uses. Don't waste your money
I have owned 2 now and the first lasted about 2 months and broke at the handle and I thought maybe i was adding to much pressure. I bouth the second one last week and I tried to use it for the second time and the handle is stuck in the squeezed position. I give up on this product.
We bought the first one, had it about 4 months before it snapped. Bought a second, had it about 3 months and it just snapped in the same spot.
The lever that disburses the cleaning liquid stopped working very soon after purchase.
I have owned two of these mops now and both broke at the handle base. When the mops worked they were great but sadly they are not worth the money is they keep breaking.
It works fine for a bit. Until the pole starts rusting where the bottle is and it eventually breaks off while using it. When I look at the construction of the pole, it appears that it was glued in and not secured properly. Shame on me for buying a second one. Before it broke, I was using it at times it was difficult in that the mop part would flip over at times which was inconvenient. I was better off at sticking to the other mop brand that you would need to buy refills.
Bought the machine a month ago, now it does not work, will not buy another. My husband fixed the problem, too bad your designers could not come up with a solution for your machine.
I have gone through 3 of these mops in the past 2 years. I refuse to spend more money on them. I love them when they are working but they all seemed to break where the mop and stick meet. It's a shame because it really does a good job and is very convenient. Not a happy customer and will try to find something more durable.
I thought this was an average steam cleaner at best. But I cleaned my floors with it and put it away. When I went to use it again, it won't even steam. What a waste of money!
I have now had to toss out our second one of these reveal mops in the last couple years. The 1 year warranty is less than convenient since both of our mops seem to bite the dust (no pun intended) shortly there after. I love the concept of this product, removeable and washable pads, refillable and changable bottles the little scrubber to get those tough spots off the floor...however I really wish Rubbermaid would consider upgrading the quality of construction. Would not recommend if you want something long term and we will not being buying a 3rd one. Now I have multiple bottles and pads that are rendered useless. Very disappointing.
I Bought this about 2 months ago...loved it at first. Then the little seal on the bottle top stretched and it leaks everywhere!! You can buy the replacement bottle but why should I have to This product is a real disappointment! Rubbermaid use to be the best, but not now!
I love the concept of this mop. I just wish it was better built. I have five kids and two dogs and I use my mop several times a day. Inhave gone thru five reveals since n 2014 the trigger function always breaks down or the seal on plastic bottle goes.
I purchased this to replace my O'Cedar spray mop that lasted for 1.5 years. I was extremely happy with it for the first two weeks. I love the wide pad and the scrubbing pad on the topside. It's downfall is that after two weeks, the trigger is no longer effective. I can get a small spray of cleaner, but then have to wait an extremely long time for it to reload. The warranty would have been great if I had saved the receipt. Lesson learned. Back to O'Cedar I go.
My wife and I were looking for an easier way to keep our tile and hardwood floors clean...in comes RUBBERMAID reveal mop to save the day...initially it worked flawlessly until it broke at the mop head/handle connection. I could not find my receipt and thought it was a fluke and purchased a new and improved model, plus I had extra micro fibre cleaning pads. Well the second one seemed to be sturdier at the handle/head connection, however, it just broke at the trigger mechanism/handle. Disappointed more in myself for purchasing this item again...unfortunately it is of poor quality.
Bought this is an alternative to a steam mop as I didnt have the extra cash to fork out for something more. Used once.... went to use a second time and the handle is now floppy and has stopped working! Its as is the cord inside has come loose or something. What a waste of money!!!!! Dont waste your time or money and spend the extra money on something of better value and quality!
The spray nozzle stops working. Doesn't spray after just a week of using it.
I have had this mop for about a year and was just moping with it and literally just snapped in half. The handle broke off from the bottom piece. Will have to get a replacement. Had some issues prior not wanting to spray all the time - but managed to keep using it. Not a terrific product unfortunately.
I am shocked and disappointed in this rubbermaid product. A waste of money
I have purchased two 'Reveals' within the last six months. When the first one broke at the base by the mop head I figured it was a fluke. Now that TWO have broken I would like to say it is poor craftsmanship. I never misused the mop, nor was it dropped or in any way mishandled. It truly is a shame as it worked very well initially.
I bought this product 3 times over the course of 18 months thinking the problem was resolved with the clogging trigger. Rubbermaid did send me a 25 certificate but that doesn't even cover the cost of a replacement so its pretty much worthless. When it works it's great but sadly it doesn't usually work
I have been through 3 of these in less then a month! Each time, the sprayer stops working for no reason at all! If I have been through 3 already....and ALL 3 with the SAME issue, then you know it's a bad product!
I bought my reveal spray mop a few months ago, after about 6 weeks the trigger stopped working. I now carry a separate spray bottle with me to do the floors. Very disappointed. I guess it's back to my swifter wet jet...
I've been using this once a week for 4 months with a cleaner designed for spray mops, and it needs constant disassembly and unclogging, or else the trigger won't reset properly between sprays. I do NOT recommend this product.
bought it a month ago, used it maybe 10 times and the trigger no longer works. Waste of money
I bought it a month or two and the trigger get stuck don't buy it
I bought my first Rubbermaid mop a few years ago. The shop I bought it from gives a lifetime guarantee with receipt. I have probably exchanged for a new mop about six times, maybe more. It's always something, either the stick falls apart, the sprayer stops working, to liquid starts to leak from the spraying mechanism. It is a shame because the pads are good and when it works properly this is the best mop in terms of the width of the spray, ease of spraying and getting a thorough, streak-free cleaning. But it is a hassle to constantly return it. Sometimes the mop doesn't even work for more than a few cleanings before breaking. I tried the hardware store's generic brand and had the same kind of problem, so I think it is the nature of these mops, it seems impossible to manufacture one that doesn't break. I have had more luck with ones where you use your own spray bottle, but they are not nearly as convenient to use. I can only live in hope that one day someone will manufacture one of these that does not break!
I had the original reveal mop and used it weekly for several years with zero issues. After only three uses of this new and improved model the spray part stopped working. I rinsed it out as instructed and it worked for about 5 minutes then stopped working again. Because of the reusable pads, I have continued to use this new model but now I am spraying the floor with a spray bottle of cleaner prior to mopping. Please fix this new and improved model soon or go back to the original model.
I BOUGHT THS ABOUT A MONTH AGO.LOVED IT. THEN THE SPRAYER TRIGGER QUIT WORKING.NO RECIPT SO CAN'T RETURN.I Always loved Rubbermaid but never buy another Of their products!!
I bought this a week ago...absolutely loved it the first 2 times I used it. And then the trigger broke and would not pump. I started to buy the other brand refillable spray mop but chose this instead since the head was larger, now back to the store. I go to replace it with my old stand by.
I just bought this mop. It was my third one. With each one, I'm only able to use it for one day, then the next use the trigger doesn't allow the spray to work. I'm so disappointed.
I loved this mop the first couple times, 2 times. Then the trigger started to stick for 3rd and 4th time. Now it does not work.. I tried to flush it out and have searched the internet for solutions and found very little other than others with the same problem.
Biggest waste of money. The handle is constantly disconnecting from the head so I'm on my hands and knees every few minutes to reconnect it. The bottle leaks so instead of a nice fine mist there are huge drops and wet streaks all over the floor. The mop did not fulfill any of the it's claims.
I have been through 4 of these mops. The first 2 broke (the stick part literally broke into pieces while mopping, after using them for less than 6 months). The last 2 I've had stopped spraying properly. I pull the handle to spray and it just spits out a little bit of the cleaner. I took the first one back to the store, but the replacement one does the same thing. They stopped spraying properly after owning each one for about a day. Disappointing. I expect Rubbermaid to make products that last and work properly for more than a day.
I thought this mop would be a great find considering I had bought a competitors mop and was not happy with that particular brand. The spray part quit working immediately after 1 use. I guess I'll stick to my original plan and use a competitors mop along with a spray bottle.
Just like almost everything these days, the reveal spray mop that I thought was the greatest, has proved a disappointment. Less then a year after buying, it has stopped working properly. I stored it empty and upside down to make sure it didn't clog but I can barely get it to spray now.
I loved this mop until owning it a month. The sprayer fails quickly and the pressur quickly collapses the refillable bottle.
Had the mop for two months and it stopped spraying. The bottle was not leaking but the o-ring was stretched so I replaced it. I've tried priming and putting hot water in the bottle to dissolve any possible blockage in the tubing. Nothing works! I get one full spray after initial bottle installation and nothing more. This would be a great product if it worked. Please replace this defective mop.
Great concept, lacks quality. This was the second reveal mop I owned and the first and they both broke. The newest one was terrible the head meachanism would come undone and had to be snapped back into place regularly. The bottle leaks and does not stay snapped in place. I continued using the mop with these defects until the handle snapped at the bottle just as another reviewer stated. For the price the quality is very poor.
I enjoyed using this mop. That is, until today when the handle lost it's grip on the wall and fell over and the head snapped off. Disappointed it wasn't better quality. Disappointed it isn't a part that can be replaced. Disappointed I didn't get my floors finished before it broke. Buy with the knowledge that something simple might render this mop useless. Also, the trigger is sticky and needs time to reset before you can spray again.
We like the mop but trigger broke after four months.
This is my 3rd mop... the first one worked perfectly until the shaft broke where it joins the bottle holder... I bought another to replace it... and found the trigger sticking... I went and replace it with another of the same kind... SAME PROBLEM... IF IT DOESN'T GET FIXED YOU WILL LOSE ALL YOUR USERS.!!!!!
I just bought this today, and wondered how the cleaner would keep from spilling out when I turned the bottle upside down to load the mop, so instead turned the mop upside down to load the bottle. It worked ok at first, but after I moved the mop to it's storage spot, I noticed the cleaner had leaked out everywhere. Looking at the photos and demos on here, it seems that my mop was missing a bottle lid, so now I'm just out the money for a mop I can't use. :( I was really looking forward to being able to use my own cleaners.
I thought it was great that I could add my own cleaning spray and reuse the pads but the trigger to spray the cleaner broke and wont spray out the cleaner hardly. We have only used it a handful of times. I would not buy this again and wish I would of saved the box to return and get my wasted money back.
I BOUGHT THE RUBBERMAID REVEAL BECAUSE I LOVED THE CLEANING SOLUTION ATTACHMENT FUNCTION. I USED IT THE 1ST TIME AND ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT, USED IT AGAIN AND CONTINUED TO LOVE IT AND USED IT THE 3RD TIME AND PLASTIC HANDLE BROKE RIGHT OFF. I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED BECAUSE I WAS ONLY HALF DONE WITH MY FLOOR.
I WAS VERY SURPISED THE HANDLE MECHANISM BROKE. Unable to order replacement handle.
Works fine, except the spray function stopped working a few months after we bought the mop. Cheaply made, I guess.
I bought this mop a few months ago for my beach house. It only gets used in the summer months, so although I bought it a while ago, I just started using it. After a couple of uses the mop head detached from the handle. I tried duct taping it on, but it doesn't stay. I tried to exchange it at Shop rite where it was purchased but they wouldn't take it back.
I am most displeased with this product as the trigger mechanism is faulty. It works fine if you just use water or a vinegar/water mix in the tank. However, if you use a cleaning solution, i.e., a laminate or wood floor cleaner, diluted with water, you can just spray once, then you have to wait for the trigger to reset in order to spray again. And, I use a very weak solution of cleaner vs. water. It is so frustrating!
I bought this mop a month ago and now the sprayer does not work and it continuously spurts out a single stream without stopping. I want my money back or a replacement.
I bought this mop really excited that I could use my own cleaners, and I don't need batteries to run it. It worked great for about 2 weeks and then it would not spray anymore. It was a waste of money and I will not be buying another or ever recommending this product. It was a waste of money!!!!
I went through two of these spray mops, the sprayer stopped spraying in about 30 days on both spray mops making them useless.
I bought this about 2 months ago and the sprayer will not work and it has not got a ton of use
Bought a rubbermaid mop three months ago looked great as I was able to refill the bottle. Liked the idea but mop stopped spraying product out of mop. I checked for blockage none found. Was forced to go out and buy another one as I do not like the swiffer wet mop. You would think that rubbermaid would use people's comments and feedback to resolve existing problems with this product to avoid negative comments regarding this matter or issue.
The first one failed after about a year. Bought another one and it failed after three months! The pump failed both times. Stay away from this product. Great idea, lousy construction.
When I first saw this mop i love the idea of the refillable bottle and the washable pads. I has previously owned a Swiffer but didn't like having to buy the pads and bottles. The first few times I used this mop it worked great. However, after about 5 uses, the sprayer stopped working properly. Rather than get a new mop, I just use a spray bottle, however I would much rather not have to do that! I would not recommend this mop. If Rubbermaid figures out a way to solve the problem with the sprayer breaking I would love to have one that works!
Loved it at first. Only this mop can clean my white, shiny ceramic, but poor quality of the product leave some disappointment. I see other people had the same problem as I had. The mop broke where the handle, bottle, and mop meet. This happened twice! I even recommend this mop to my friend- as a best ever- but her spray mechanism stopped working, so that's not good too.
I have never been so disappointed in a Rubbermaid product. Within in a couple of months after purchase, the spray mechanism stopped working properly. I am now spraying my floor with a hand-held bottle, and then mopping. The same thing happened to my son's mop. DON'T BUY THIS ONE!
I bought my original Reveal spray mop about 5 years ago and I LOVED IT. I used it everyday on my all wood floor home and it kept my floors shiney and perfectly clean. I was heartbroke when my husband tried to help out with chores and broke it. I immediately went to Home Depot and bought another. When I saw it on the shelf I noticed it was a newer model and I could feel it was lighter.... but considering how much I loved my old one I bought it without much second thought. I brought home and used it one time and then the spray handle broke. I returned it to the store and got a refund. I don't think it was a one time malfunctioning product. A family member asked me prior to my resent experience what I used on my floors and I recommended the Reveal. They took my advice and there's did the same thing to them too. I am so disappointed. Why would you take a great product and make it poorer quality I am back to shopping for a quality microfiber spray mop system.
I am currently about to throw away the second reveal mop I have purchased in the last 6 months. I should have read the reviews first. After a week the sprayer begins to fail and got consistently worse for the following weeks until it quit completely. It is useless now.
I have purchased two of these mops and both have been the worst mop I've purchased. The first mop I bought the bottle sucked up and I could not fill it up and would not stay securely on mop without leaking. So I thought I would try another one but it did the same thing and it also broke within two weeks after using it at the base where the handle stops. This was a lot of money wasted on what I thought was going to be a great mop.
Loved the idea with dogs running in and out of the house but soon the sprayer failed and now it's just plain frustrating to use.
What a piece of garbage! I bought this mop the other day and just used it for the first time. It worked great until I turned it mop head side up to take the pad off to wash....it dumped cleaning solution all over me and the floor. The bottle is on as tight as possible as is the lid to the bottle. Guess I will return it and try a different brand. Horrible quality, Rubbermaid!
hello - i see other people had the same problem as i had. the mop broke where the handle, bottle, and mop meet. it was a good idea, but it doesn't hold up under what i would consider minimal,non-abusive use.
I must have used this mop three time before the sprayer failed. I am so sick of the garbage on the market these days. Nothing is built to last anymore.
I bought this mop because I loved the whole concept of product however when I unpacked it I was missing the scrubber pad. Bummer...that is one of the features I liked about it.
I love the convenience of this mop ( the newer version) the first one I had the trigger quick working, called Rubbermaid and got a new one. That one, after 2 months, the trigger quit working also. Called Rubbermaid and got a new one. This one have only had a month and a half, and yet a again the trigger quit. I'm fed up
Idea is great, however, I have gone thru 4 of these mops. The sprayer stopped working after a very short period of time. Love loved the mop when it worked. As long as the stores continue to do exchanges for me, I will keep on using them.
I don't have the new and improved version, hope it works better than the original version. The new version cost twice as much, I am afraid to spend that much money and the spray stop working. I loved it at first but after a couple of uses the spray stopped working. Now I am using the mop with a spray bottle it defeats the purpose.
I bought this a month ago and after the second time I used it the mop started to leak. now when I use it I use have a bottle of cleaner in one use and I do not have a not of floor space living in an apartment that is only 900 sq ft.
It only lasted 6 months , I did really like it but can't afford to by one every 6 months
I was so excited for this product I thought it was going to solve all my problems with my hard woods however after using it twice the trigger broke and will not squirt any solution out! I had thought it would last at least a year but sadly died very early! So sad it was made so horrible makes me question other Rubbermaid products.
Wish I had checker here before buying... I, too have a mop that has a nonfunctioning trigger after just a few months. Thought I had found a solution for cleaning my floors from my wheelchair. No such luck. AFter seeing here this is a consistent problem with your product I am extremely disappointed in Rubbermaid. You've lost a customer - I will not be back!
Newer model replaced the older defective one, which would not spring back after pulling the trigger. After one week the new one does the same thing. Useless.
OUR WORKPLACE BOUGHT ONE FOR US TO USE. THE HANDLE/SPRAY STOPPED WORKING. THEY BOUGHT THE SAME ONE AGAIN THINKING MAYBE IT WAS MISFORTUNE. WORKED FINE FOR MAYBE ANOTHER TWO WEEKS AND NOW THE SAME THING HAPPENED WITH OUR SECOND ONE. I MADE THE STUPID MISTAKE OF BUYING ONE FOR MY HOME BECAUSE I LIKED THE LOOK AND THE IDEA OF THE PRODUCT, BUT SADLY THIS ONE HAS ISSUES AS WELL WITH THE TOP PART OF HANDLE COMING LOOSE. IF THEY COME OUT WITH A NEW AND IMPROVED ONE THEN I WOULD GIVE IT A CHANCE.
I like the feel and the size of the floor mop, but shortly after buying this the pump handle didn't work properly. I could use the pump and then have to wait to to pump the handle again. Now it's stopped working all together. Too bad because I liked it while it worked, but they are not cheap to buy.
Oddly enough I wrote Rubbermaid on line today to mention how my mop unexpectedly snapped at where the metal handle meets the plastic base. I seldom used the fluid bottle, hence why my sprayer handle never broke! I then browsed and found this forum where over 80 reviews that I read quickly all had little positive to say about this product regarding construction or reliability. In concept, it is perfect for ceramic floors, but another one goes to the landfill, as there is no repairing it based on a poor design. What a frustration, based on retail price, and a Canadian 13 sales tax on top.
I have had 2 of these and they break off at the same spot--the mop head snaps off!
A good concept but the item is made of plastic that after a period of time just breaks. It would be a great product if the item was more sturdy and not cheap plastic parts where needed
Ri received the mob as a Christmas gift, my friend said it was great. The one I have is terrible, the bottle will not stay on it will spray a few times then it stops I'am sorry that I asked for it . I will have to find some other way to clean Because this does not work at all
I bought it a month ago used a few times and it no longer sprays ! I loved it at first now unable to use I hope Rubbermaid will correct the problem,so I can be a happy consumer of their products!
Great concept. Worked great the first couple times. Then out of nowhere it started leaking all over. The o ring would come off the bottle when you remove the bottle from the mop. The liquid will leak out from a little air hole on the top of the bottle. Even when placing the bottle in carefully, when you start to mop, the liquid starts pouring out the bottom of the mop. I've tried everything but it won't stop. It starts to become a big mess every time you mop and/or remove the bottle. Wish I had the receipt to take it back. Didn't think this thing would be such a disappointment.
I want to love this product! It is a great concept and straight out of the box, it is a wonderful mop. I like that I can refill it with my own cleaning solution and that I can wash the pad instead of having to replace it with expensive refills. The first Reveal mop I owned, it worked great the first couple of months but then the trigger stopped working. I was able to get a replacement one and sad to say, it has the same issue with the trigger not working after only using less than 10 times. Wish this product worked!
I have bought two of these now and the sprayer stopped working on both after a couple months. I use a mild watered down solution of Simple Green or pine sol. I would not purchase this product again until they can put a higher quality sprayer on it.
I loved the idea of this mop because I don't like all of the disposable items with similar products but this was so cheaply made. I used it several times and it worked fine just was not made very sturdy. Now the sprayer won't spray. Do not waste your money on this product.
Was really happy having finally purchased a good mop, I thought this thing would have the swiffer wet jet beat all to heck. Too bad it broke the second time I used it. Awful.
On my second mop and once again the trigger has stopped working. I would not recommend this mop because you think it is a great product then Poof it turns on you!
I told my wife NOT to buy this product. I said This stuff always breaks! But she bought this fancy dancy mop anyway. And, surprisingly, it worked! It worked GREAT! For about two months. But like all the other reviewers here, the spray handle stopped working after just a few weeks of use. Typical corporate junk, designed to fail. Rubbermaid ought to be ashamed!
I would not suggest this product. It worked great for about 2 months then they spray mechanism died. It was enticing because I could use the reusable mop heads and the reusable bottle. I wish I had bought a swiffer.
I bought this in September 2012 and it broke into two pieces in February 2013. I returned it to where I bought it and exchanged it for a new one. It just broke the same way in January 2014 but the store said it only had a one year warranty. I have purchased a competitors product and won't buy this one ever again.
I have bought 3 reveal mops I love them so much but each time the trigger handle has stopped working. I am so frustrated as the mop makes cleaning so much easier. but unfortunately for 3 times it stops working I. so mad!
After one month the spray bottled started leaking.
I have bought 3 Reveal Spray Mops and like the last two the sprayer stopped working. If it is going to only work half way they should charge half the price....just saying.
Within the past year I have bough two of these Reveal Spray Mops and am extremely disappointed. The first one broke after approximately 5 months and the second one broke after approximately 3 months of usage. The handle mechanism that you operate to allow the mop to spray the cleaning liquid/water mix or just plain water stops working and the spray does as well. I would NEVER recommend this product to anyone. They are a BIG waste of money.
After about 6 months the sprayer only worked on the first spray. I have been using only ProForce no rinse floor cleaner. I tried to run the cap under hot water refill with hot water pump sprayer to no avail.
My first use was great, just what I wanted, it did a wonderful job. Sadly, the second time I went to use it I pulled the spray trigger and it broke.
I bought this mop back when it had first come out thinking it was so ingenious to include a bottle you can fill up with your own solution and also rewash the pads! I wrote a review before, when then handle had broken. I was so disappointed but the company was great and sent me a new mop to replace the old one! Now however, I am having issues again. The bottle sucks in on itself and the sprayer won't spray. It is very frustrating when you are trying to clean up a quick spill and it's anything but quick. I hope the company will take care of this situation because I really loved the mop.
Great idea, but poorly made. This is my second one. The first one lasted 2 month and I loved it before it broke. Giving it a fair shake I bought another one, it lasted 1 day. ONE DAY. The sprayer squeeze trigger stops working making it useless. Won't be purchasing again. Don't waste your money!!
I used to uuse the swifer, then saw this product and thought hmm if i switch i could save done money in the long run. I was wrong!! This mop is very cheap the sprayer it sself keeps breaking. The red lever on the handle you pull up! I bought another one same thing! AAnd I've tried to fox out and can't. I'm very disappointed and should have never of switched
This is the second one I bought after the first one's handle broke off. I have only had it for a few months and I started having the same problem this time as I did last time which is the spray handle does not want to spray. I thought since it was a newer version that it would be better it worked right for about 2 weeks then started acting up. I wish I would have not wasted my money on another one.
I'm sorry, but as much as I'd like to love this product, I can't. The first one I bought had an o-ring which broke. resulting in excessive leakage. The next one had a small rubbery part on the inside cap break into pieces, again, resulting in the cleaning solution leaking out completely. Either I am the unluckiest shopper, or the RD team hasn't been doing their homework.
I have purchased two of these mops over the past year. The handle on the first one broke after about three months of use. Since I really liked the features of this mop, I purchased another, and I rationalized that it was probably designed with a 5'4' 110 lb user in mind, rather than someone who is 6'4 and 210 lbs. With the second one, I was more careful with the pressure I used when mopping, and I have had no problem with the handle however, again, after about 3 months the spray mechanism no longer works. So I ask, what good is a reusable mopping pad, when the mop itself has to be discarded after 3 months
I used my spray mop 6 or 7 times and it just stopped spraying. I came onto this website to find a way to get help and no where can I find a way to give any feedback. I am very unhappy cause I loved the mop the times I did work.
I expect more from a Rubbermaid product. First, in order for the spray to land on the floor, the handle (and trigger) must be about a 90deg. angle to the floor. That makes squeezing the trigger quite inconvenient. Second, as cleaner leaves the bottle, the bottle caves in, making it difficult to spray. Third, assuming you can spray cleaner onto the floor, the cloth mop head does not absorb it. It pushes the liquid spreads it well but after mopping a room, the cloth is still dry. Finally, all problems were solved after 4 moppings the trigger is now broken. I must hold the handle upright, squirt, push the handle farther forward (about 45 deg), listen for something in the handle to click, then the trigger is ready again. Worthless!
I have purchased 3 of these mops in the past 1.5 years each one breaking at the handle. Should have learned after the first 2 but I just loved its ease of use so much. I'll be going back to carrying my spray bottle and a basic microfiber mop. Too bad b/c its such a great idea
I bought this mop about a year ago the bottle on the mop was not good from about the 3rd use and now I cannot find one to replace it
I bought 3 reveal mops over the last 4 months for my cleaning business they all broke either the handles broke off or the mop snapped In half after a few weeks of use.
I bought this less than a year ago I love it because I have two small dogs and it makes clean up easy ,but it broke I'm really disappointed so I not think I will buy another one I will try to find something similar . It should last longer than a year .
after using a few times, it stopped spraying. took it apart to see if there is a clog, everything inside was clean.
The mop sprayer seems to be an issue. The sprayer will not work. If you get that fixed it will be a great mop!
I bought this to save money on refills and be able to use my favorite cleaner. Had it two weeks, used it three times and the sprayer doesn't work. Now I have a spray bottle in one hand and the mop in the other. I should have kept my stiffer which I gave my neighbor. Mother warm water and priming it didn't help either, nor did customer service. I would prefer my money back
I have had this spray mop for less than a year, used regularly, but not excessively. It no longer sprays, and began to stop spraying for about 2 months. Regret buying it!
I have hardwood floors throughout my home and thought this would be a great products for cleaning. I am very dissatisfied with trying to use it underneath my furniture! The cleaning head constantly turns/flips around. I would not recommend nor buy this product.
I purchased this spray mop and the dispenser mechanism locked up within 2 months, now I'm off to the store to buy a new spray mop....garbage!
I have purchased two of these mops in less than a year. The spray handles broke on both of them! Disappointing quality, I will not be buying another one!
I bought the first reveal mop and it lasted one year before the handle broke. I bought a new and improved reveal mop and the sprayer does not work. I am frustrated this is already useless and I do not have the receipt to return. The potential of this idea is good but the product produced and sold by Rubbermaid is poor.
I am on my third one, the first two were the old design and the third the new and improved. On all three the sprayer stopped working. Not happy. So many things I loved about this, but I have wasted enough money. Going back to the Libman spray mop which I had for several years before it broke.
My mop did not last long, started leaking so I had to take the bottle off. Without spraying the liquid, it's just an ordinary mop which I could have bought for a lot less. Silly me threw the receipt away......What a deception!
I bought this and can't get it to spray. I was very disappointed, because I have a lot of Rubbermaid and I thought this would be great for cleaning my floor :-(
I have purchased this mop four times and the handle has broken every time. The sprayer quits working. The sprayer clogs. The mop pad falls off. Poor engineering! I have video and pictures of how sad it really is. I'm sorry - I don't like writing negative reviews - however, this is not a good product.
The concept of this mop is perfect! Just what I need. But the bottle leaks all over the place when in the mop and the trigger will no longer spray. I'm so disappointed! I've had it for about 3 months. If I have to buy a new Reveal every 3 months, it will not be any more cost effective than buying Swiffer pads and solution. I hope Rubbermaid will make this right.
I purchase this piece of junk about 2 months ago now the spray leaks and will not spray. I purchased this because of the ability to refill with my favorite cleaner, well that works but it is not spraying BEWARE they promote this as being a good alterative to the competitor but it just does not work.
I bought this for my new wood floor. I usually have good luck with Rubbermaid products. The fourth time I used it, the handle snapped and it cannot be fixed. I expected it to last much longer than that. I was not happy.
Bought this for a bathroom remodel. Made it halfway across a sheet of 1/4 Hardibacker and the teeth were worn off and the blade had turned a beautiful shade of blue. Don't waste your time.
This may be the worst butter I have ever used. It has NO butter taste. I ruined a batch of Christmas cookies that I planned to give as gifts using this sorry excuse. NEVER AGAIN.
I couldn't get past the first day of the free trial challenge. I don't understand why there is a perfume fragrance in this. I can't wear it without my eyes watering - my nose keeps running and I keep sneezing. This would have been a wonderful product if it weren't for all of the unnecessary scents that smell like cheap perfume. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I wanted to like this so much, the smell I could not take, it smells way too strong and I had to wash it off after 10 minutes. My skin felt really soft but I have problems with smells of any brand. Wish there was a non scented and I would use every day, Sorry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product felt heavy when I first applied, that freshness I was expecting never arrived and the heavy feeling stayed with me. I was very disappointed. I did my normal facial cleaning and the feelings of heaviness was still there. I had to do a deep cleanse before that feeling left my face. I do not recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Received the 14 day sample and Im glad I didnt pay for the product. Did not notice a difference after 14 days and I found the scent of the product too strong.
I bought this today very excited from the reviews I read...only to be very disappointed... It is too heavy and actually feels like it's weighing my skin down and the fragrance is very strong!! I usually buy expensive skin care products however I just found a drug store foundation that I just love!! So when looking for a new firming foundation I was hopeful this product would be great as well. Not the case at all... I usually don't write reviews but had to with this one. DON'T BUY!!
I tried the 14 day challenge and not for me no change
I was not a fan of this. At first glance, the consistency looked moisturizing and refreshing. I liked the smell, it's like a nice perfume. But, as soon as I dabbed my finger into the pot, I was struck by how sticky it was. And putting it on my face did not change my opinion. It took some effort just to get the stuff to spread over my face. I should have immediately washed it off, but I didn't. I gave it a chance to work on my face overnight, and, boy, did it do a number on my face. HUGE cystic acne all over my chin and lots of tiny milia along my cheekbones the next morning. Very unhappy. Very surprised, too, because I love a number of L'Oreal's Paris products. I love their Revitalift glycolic facial scrub and their Revitalift Triple Power Concentrated Serum. I will be using both plus an AHA lotion from a different company just to get my face to clear up. Shame this didn't live up to how great those other two products are. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I used this product each day as instructed, even for a few extra days. I noticed nothing different about my skin.
My skin felt like it was on fire after using this product. Two days later, my face is flaking
I like the smell of the moisturizer in the jar, on my skin is another story! I've been using for over 2 weeks now and don't notice any difference in texture, firmness or fine lines. I do, however, notice that when I use this, my face and neck smell like eggs :( I'm not sure if it's some sort of chemical reaction or what, but nothing else I use does this to me. Not sure if I will continue to use it because it doesn't do what it's supposed to do and leaves my skin stinking!!
Unfortunately I didn't like product. As someone who has very fair and sensitive skin the fragrance bothered me. Otherwise the product was fine as a basic moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I did not like this moisturizer. I believe it caused me to break out. There must be something in it that i am allergic to or did not sit well with my skin. I will not be using it again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The first thing I noticed was there are so many silicone ingredients in all of the products. The second thing I noticed was how lotion like it was, not serum feeling like all other serums I have used. The third thing I noticed was how extremely fragranced it was. So I tried it. I had to wash it off because the smell was so strong I started to get a headache. And I also washedbit off because my face started to burn and turned red. I have normal skin with a random blemish when irritated. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
At my age, blemishes have been replaced by wrinkles. I was surprised after using this product for a few days that I started breaking out on my neck and cheeks. I thought it might be a fluke so I continued using it a few more days and the breakouts got worse. Once I stopped, everything cleared up. I am very sorry to say that I could not recommend it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have very sensitive skin and tried the deep-acting facial moisturizer for over a week now. At first I really liked it because all you need is a dot to cover the entire face. It glides on smoothly! However, after using the product for a week, at night only (even though the packaging says to use it every morning and night), I have broken out and wake up with a greasy face. Gross! Unless you like feeling like you just put butter all over your face, I would not recommend the deep-acting moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Unfortunately this L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is not my favorite product. I used it in combination with the Serum and the Daily Facial Moisturizer from the same line. First of all, I found it difficult to understand the order I should use the products. After much reading, I think I figured it out. I used this deep moisturizer every night for a week because I was trying to I've myself time to adjust. But that's all I could handle. It made my skin feel irritated and hot for a few hours after application. Also, the smell, although not unpleasant, was too strong for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was super excited to try this, as I've never actually had a skin care process, and I typically like L'Oral. But this stuff is awful. I washed my face in the shower with my normal stuff and then read all the directions. My first disappointment was in the directions. They focus on all the other L'Oral products to use, highlighted, and order specific, but give you no idea as to how much to use. A drop Dime size A gallon No idea. So I used the serum, waited a bit for it to soak in (though I was unsure if I should or not because the directions didn't say either way) and then applied the moisturizer. I think I used too much (again, directions) and felt like I was rubbing it in forever. It wasn't thick like it looked, just felt like a lotion. Stunk like a chemical storm. And actually just sat on my face. No matter how much I rubbed, it never soaked in. I could feel it there all day long. It also burns. And then my face got all red. I used the whole routine (serum, moisturizer and sunblock) 3 times before I decided I couldn't do it anymore. It stinks, it burns, it makes my face red. And worse, when I did it all and then applied makeup on top, it all literally rubbed off. Which means it was all just sitting on my face not soaking in. I felt it all day. All over gross. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I was not a fan of this. At first glance, the consistency looked moisturizing and refreshing. I liked the smell, it's like a nice perfume. But, as soon as I dabbed my finger into the pot, I was struck by how sticky it was. And putting it on my face did not change my opinion. It took some effort just to get the stuff to spread over my face. I should have immediately washed it off, but I didn't. I gave it a chance to work on my face overnight, and, boy, did it do a number on my face. HUGE cystic acne all over my chin and lots of tiny milia along my cheekbones the next morning. Very unhappy. Very surprised, too, because I love a number of L'Oreal's Paris products. I love their Revitalift glycolic facial scrub and their Revitalift Triple Power Concentrated Serum. I will be using both plus an AHA lotion from a different company just to get my face to clear up. Shame this didn't live up to how great those other two products are. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product felt heavy when I first applied, that freshness I was expecting never arrived and the heavy feeling stayed with me. I was very disappointed. I did my normal facial cleaning and the feelings of heaviness was still there. I had to do a deep cleanse before that feeling left my face. I do not recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have only been able to use this product a couple times because it is such a heavy moisturizer that it leaves my skin feeling so clogged and slimy that i don't feel comfortable wearing it to bed. I feel like i'm going to wake up in the morning with breakouts because it's so heavy on my face. If you're looking for a super hydrating, moisturizing mask of sorts then this may be what you are looking for. But if you're looking for an overnight moisturizer that sinks into your skin then this is not what you need. Plus this moisturizer has a heavy perfume smell which makes it to where my husband will not even try it. I'm sure some people love this moisturizer. However, it's just not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I had high hopes for this moisturizer but it fell flat for me. It smelled great and went on smoothly, however, after a while if I rubbed my forehead or cheek part of the product would peel off. Furthermore, my pillowcases were stained from this moisturizer and I did not even put much on! I tried it for two weeks, day and night, and I only observed that my skin was slightly more mositurized. However, it also gave me more breakouts. I know it gets great reviews elsewhere but for me, it just did not work. I also wish it had SPF in it since it says to use it in the morning as well as the evening. I received this product for free from Influenster in exchange for an honest review. contest
I used this product each day as instructed, even for a few extra days. I noticed nothing different about my skin.
I have only been able to use this product a couple times because it is such a heavy moisturizer that it leaves my skin feeling so clogged and slimy that i don't feel comfortable wearing it to bed. I feel like i'm going to wake up in the morning with breakouts because it's so heavy on my face. If you're looking for a super hydrating, moisturizing mask of sorts then this may be what you are looking for. But if you're looking for an overnight moisturizer that sinks into your skin then this is not what you need. Plus this moisturizer has a heavy perfume smell which makes it to where my husband will not even try it. I'm sure some people love this moisturizer. However, it's just not for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I did not like this moisturizer. I believe it caused me to break out. There must be something in it that i am allergic to or did not sit well with my skin. I will not be using it again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
For active moms this product takes too much time to put on and if you'd anything physical that makes you sweat that it runs off into your eyes causing burning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Unfortunately I didn't like product. As someone who has very fair and sensitive skin the fragrance bothered me. Otherwise the product was fine as a basic moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
Unfortunately this L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is not my favorite product. I used it in combination with the Serum and the Daily Facial Moisturizer from the same line. First of all, I found it difficult to understand the order I should use the products. After much reading, I think I figured it out. I used this deep moisturizer every night for a week because I was trying to I've myself time to adjust. But that's all I could handle. It made my skin feel irritated and hot for a few hours after application. Also, the smell, although not unpleasant, was too strong for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I have very sensitive skin and tried the deep-acting facial moisturizer for over a week now. At first I really liked it because all you need is a dot to cover the entire face. It glides on smoothly! However, after using the product for a week, at night only (even though the packaging says to use it every morning and night), I have broken out and wake up with a greasy face. Gross! Unless you like feeling like you just put butter all over your face, I would not recommend the deep-acting moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
This product has a scented fragrance. I purchased it because I don't like scents for my moisturizers. I don't know why Target put unscented...
Online ordered during thanksgiving holiday, received the product was open box and used, went to store for exchange but no same product available, had returned the product. Disappointed for the shopping experience.
At my age, blemishes have been replaced by wrinkles. I was surprised after using this product for a few days that I started breaking out on my neck and cheeks. I thought it might be a fluke so I continued using it a few more days and the breakouts got worse. Once I stopped, everything cleared up. I am very sorry to say that I could not recommend it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
The first thing I noticed was there are so many silicone ingredients in all of the products. The second thing I noticed was how lotion like it was, not serum feeling like all other serums I have used. The third thing I noticed was how extremely fragranced it was. So I tried it. I had to wash it off because the smell was so strong I started to get a headache. And I also washedbit off because my face started to burn and turned red. I have normal skin with a random blemish when irritated. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I haved use this product for about two months now but it didnt do anything to my face I still have the product it cost me alot of money and now i dont use anything for my face
My skin felt like it was on fire after using this product. Two days later, my face is flaking
I like the smell of the moisturizer in the jar, on my skin is another story! I've been using for over 2 weeks now and don't notice any difference in texture, firmness or fine lines. I do, however, notice that when I use this, my face and neck smell like eggs :( I'm not sure if it's some sort of chemical reaction or what, but nothing else I use does this to me. Not sure if I will continue to use it because it doesn't do what it's supposed to do and leaves my skin stinking!!
I haved use this product for about two months now but it didnt do anything to my face I still have the product it cost me alot of money and now i dont use anything for my face
This product made my skin feel nice initially but it made me breakout after one use. I put it on before bed and woke up broken out. Smells nice but I had a bad reaction to it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
First time I've purchased hanging file folders that didn't include little plastic tabs and labels so I could actually indicate the contents. Fortunately I had also purchased a different brand and used the ones they included.
I have fine hair. They are useless and do not stay in my hair. I thought they would have a clip or something, but they don't, so just fall out. I doubt they would stay in even if I had thick hair.
I've tried everything to get my heir to curl and nothing has worked. I saw these on a Youtube video and decided to give them a try. After a long night trying to find a comfortable way to sleep with these on my hair was barely curly. My head id killing me!!!! These are extremely uncomfortable to sleep in. I would not recommend these to anyone who is going to try and sleep in them. The pain isnt worth the results
I've had this product for a few weeks and over the course of those weeks, I have tried them three times. I did exactly as the directs said and I tried it with both dry and damp hair. The closest change I got to my hair was one time it gave me a little extra volume. My hair however was still as straight as ever. I am planning on bringing this purchase up to my local Walmart to see if they will give me a refund.
So basically I ordered this package b/c you are supposed to receive the blue and pink rods (small and medium) but they sent me green and pink(medium and large) rods. I tried them but they really hurt my head and I got better results from dollar tree foam plastic combo things. I did a spiral on both types btw not curling up for waves. I took them back. Dollar tree cost me 4 and less painful and better spirals all day long. This product kept falling out of my hair. I would not recommend this at all. Sorry to give a bad review :(
So thin I couldn't pull it apart. Did not cook properly
i tried this bacon yesterday. it was awful. way too thin. i could barely pull it apart. there was no bacon taste. it didn't cook well. what a mistake a waste of money this choice was. i'll never buy Hormel bacon again. i'll stick with what is rated best - Kirkland Oscar Meyer original.
I cook bacon every week-end. I purchased Black label bacon Original. I bake my bacon on a oven sheet. I cannot pull this bacon apart it just shredes. I would not purchase it again.
Paper thin slices, cooks into pieces, etc. Flavor is bacon - not really a problem, but I have limited how often I eat foods like this - and this was just a waste of a cheat day
This bacon is terrible. All fat. Once cooked, all you taste when you bite into it is saturated fat. I will never buy this bacon again.
I thought the name brand was good but no it was very salty I won't buy it again I'll stay with cheaper brand bacon
DVD came with no lable and only one movie.... I am returning the DVD
hardly any pretzels. does not look like picture shown was let down.
The product looks great and it is a great idea but we were very frustrated and disappointed when we were forced to use two of the 2.1L Lock-its for a dinner function and were not able to get the locks to engage securely. This was during their first use having only been washed with soap and water prior to use. We have been using the Sterilite version of these containers for a very long time and it continues to work perfectly. I typically love Rubbermaid products over other brands, but this product was a huge disappointment for me and my family.
I bought the 2 cup and 1.25 cup presentation and I'm very dissapointed, I was lokking for hermetic products, and these are not that kind of product. Even if they look as no-spill container, they aren't.
I bought this Rubbermaid 9 cup Lock-its and it does not stay locked. I have used Rubbermaid for years. This includes very large totes and never had any problems. This one seems to be different!
Purchased a large set of LockIt storage containers and found that they don't lock well, the lids either don't catch and lock down, pop back up or break off with use. I tried to purchase replacement EasyFind lids but they don't have replacement lids available.The containers are great, it is just the lids!
Great idea, poor execution. What good are tight lids if they don't stay tightly locked I'm tired of trying to lock it, and have the latches pop up. This happens a lot. sometimes two or three may stay locked, but most don't.
We bought these to put in my husband's lunch box. They seem pretty flimsy when we locked the lid on. When there is liquid in it, it leaks. Don't put it in a lunch box if you have to turn it sideways
I bought these because my very VERY old set of similar style clicklock containers were biting the dust. I've always had great luck with rubbermaid so was excited to try these... I was so disappointed! The larger ones are ok, but the little ones don't stay locked... I've been using them for a week, and I've already had two different in-bag spills. I'm going to be returning them.
I am SO disappointed that Nexxus stopped making the Pro-Mend Heat Protection Styling Spray. It was the ONLY product that tamed my fine, wavy hair without weighing it down. After reading the reviews on the new product, it sounds like all the other anti-frizz products that make the hair stiff and weigh it down. I will not be trying it. Nexxus had an amazing product in the Pro-Mend Heat Protection Styling Spray. What a shame.
I'm very disappointed that you have changed the product. I loved the old stuff in the gold bottle. Very sad that it is no longer available.
PLEASE JUST BRING BACK THE OLD, GOLD BOTTLE AND FORMULA :( YOU CAN'T BEAT PERFECT!
New is awful compared to the gold bottle..will not use
I usually don't use liquid hair protectants because they are way too greasy. This one was nonetheless very oil based. When I would straighten my hair I would get so frustrated because my hair would look so oily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.
I do not like the new Heat Protecting Mist, product it is sticky and leaves my hair feeling heavy and lifeless. The product, plain and simple, is horrible! I would not recommend it to anyone, and I threw the bottle in the trash.
The old Promend Heat protector was the ONLY thing I've found that works on my fine blonde hair. I've been having a terrible time finding ANYTHING to replace it with. PLEASE bring the old formula back.
I have always used the older Heat RX Protexx spray, but they discontinued this and replaced it with this product. This product smells lovely, and makes my hair look fabulous after using a hair dryer, but the following morning when I wash my hair, handfuls of hair began falling out. I intentionally stopped using it for 2 weeks, and my hair loss returned to normal amounts. I started using it again, and the huge hairloss resumed. Something in this product is making the hair very fragile, and it is breaking off. I use Nexxus Therappe shampoo and Humectress conditioner daily and have for more than 20 years. I am very disappointed in this product.
I have over 10 Nexus products sitting in front of me right now and I know I have more elsewhere I thought there was something going on with my hair possibly age, diet, health issues I wasn't sure until I just researched all the Nexus products and realize now that's what is doing it my hair has become dry brittle I did notice the smell that was different. I have not seen One good review. I have seen customer service reply to posts but would you please reply with an explanation on a post for everyone to see. I have wasted a lot of money and been in many arguments with my husband because of the money and now I see he was right.
I am SO disappointed that Nexxus stopped making the Pro-Mend Heat Protection Styling Spray. It was the ONLY product that tamed my fine, wavy hair without weighing it down. After reading the reviews on the new product, it sounds like all the other anti-frizz products that make the hair stiff and weigh it down. I will not be trying it. Nexxus had an amazing product in the Pro-Mend Heat Protection Styling Spray. What a shame.
I just bought this product. used to 2x. it made my hair feel funny, not greasy, or anything but different. well I get out of my bath tonight and it's full of hair, I blow dried my hair and more came out. this has NEVER happened to me b4. I took photos even. I'm very disappointed.
I'm in agreement with the previous reviews. Why do beauty and cosmetics companies always think they need to change things. I absolutely loved the product in the gold bottle but this one I can't even use because i'm allergic to the scent. Please bring back the old formula.
old version is better than the new version.........